The #EndSARS tin got u ppl's connection and feelings What ppl need is response to their request n when such
If I twet "yes" will that be your reason for an Atiku 2019?
I begin to trust you Sir I realised some reasons why you want lead to see Nigeria become what it should
Really
The law doesn't permit early campaign but d law didn't stop u or any other person from making headliner In
If the answer and product is Buhari and Atiku then what exactly are you selling #Curios #Nigeria #Politics #APC #PDP #AnswersNeeded.
Different rug sef Sahara is just a disgrace.
How come IBB is wearing different clothes in both pics?
Daddy we need you
what are the first three things you will do to create this environment what is wrong with d current approach??
sir i strongly believe this administration of PMB don't have a good base and any good contender can off sit them D out cry of d ppl.
Power mongers U guys hav failed us Y shld we youths hav faith in u
Hmm so all along atiku had been an enemy of Nigeria!!!
Ex-VP Atiku Abubakar hails Uche Secondus emergence as PDP national chairman via todayng
There are many strategies to win both young and old sir pls let ur aids get it started as u have been a pub
K
NigeriaNewsdesk Ex-VP Atiku Abubakar hails Uche Secondus emergence as PDP national chairman
Ex-VP Atiku Abubakar hails Uche Secondus emergence as PDP national chairman
Ex-VP Atiku Abubakar hails Uche Secondus emergence as PDP national chairman via
This present administration has failed in many ways make a structure of their pitfalls and use it against t
NO OTHER NIGERIAN IS MORE QUALIFIED TO BE THE PRESIDENT OF NIGERIA BY 2019 THAN OUR FORMER VICE PRESID
My mentor my Father my everything may God give you his support so you can deliver this nation the man that
said Atiku. I am just looking at him with tears in my eyes and ears
_igodye With due respect sir I think taking the Nigerian youth to be "naija is a slap to us Does it
Atiku Abubakar Wears N1 Million Louis Vuitton Shoes To PDP Convention (Photos
Atiku Abubakar Wears N1 Million Louis Vuitton Shoes To PDP Convention (Photos
Go Atiku goooo...you are the "attack personality we have been waiting for to change the change!
"Atiku’s exit not good for APC says Okorocha
Ex-VP Atiku Abubakar asks PDP to focus on sacking a govt that deceived Nigerians to get power
[News Update Atiku’s exit not good for APC says Okorocha Click to buy quality Corporate
Hope for a better future
Atiku’s Defection Great Loss To APC Says Okorocha
Atiku’s exit not good for APC says Okorocha
Nigerians look up to PDP to rescue them from APC Atiku...
Can you just tell me the different between respect and disrespect
How Atiku Lost Opportunity To Become President In 2003 Idahosa
Nigeria needs to be save frm hunger and starvation h
Daddy frees cannot see this political tithes to comment on it
NigeriaNewsdesk Ex-VP Atiku Abubakar asks PDP to focus on sacking a govt that deceived Nigerians to get power
Ex-VP Atiku Abubakar asks PDP to focus on sacking a govt that deceived Nigerians to get power
Ex-VP Atiku Abubakar asks PDP to focus on sacking a govt that deceived Nigerians to get power
it's so sad but it seems the government doesn't have plans for the youth ,it wouldn't be a bad idea if we fo
Hmm.. No permanent enemies just permanent interest
Congratulations to all of you You now have a arduous task to change the #FakeChange to the #RealChange
Your Excellency my hands are always up when ever I finished prayer you are always mentioned sir my hope f
True It's actually zero and that's just sad Seems like we are destined to be ruled by old men *sigh*
to be honest since wen I was born I have been hearing Nigeria will get better ,my complain is why can't naij
#Revive Ajoakuta steel company
Where were you when the Mambilla people &amp the Bachama people launched an attack &amp killed Fulani men women
Waiting patiently for the 3rd option Atiku and Buhari shouldn't be the best we can come up with as a nation.
bros dis is really scary cos e nor go funny if we've a atiku vs buhari 2019 I just hope we've som1 to giv PMB a run 4his money
Atiku’s Exit A big blow to APC-Rochas Okorocha
This new chairman does not look like the one that will deliver any result His emergence is questionable Time will
_gus7 Thank u for this.
PDP guys can lie sha They told us Atiku will storm d PDP convention with 5 APC Governors and many lawmakers Lying liars... JAS
Former vice President Atiku Abubakar has recounted how he stopped the former President Olusegun Obasanjo from beco
Atiku z not a perfect Sub for Buhari we still lack a genuine presidential aspirant
_dearest86 I will not keep quiet Oga Just said my mind Otele!
One John Gaul and ..
Atiku Reveals How He Stopped Obasanjo From Becoming Mugabe In Nigeria
i'm learning to believe in you i just hope you wouldn't relegate Nigeria and prove to Nigerians leaving the
2019 HERE WE COME SW will not determine 2019 if Atiku is fielded by PDP The determinant will be how much vote Ati
Handsome presidor carry go ur face alone look like good naija
I know PMB have started what no one has done in Nigeria so if your devilish party PDP can emulate
Time to change the #FakeChange to the #RealChange
Read Atiku’s Makes Speech At PDP Convention After His Move
I'm glad you said I see nothing wrong... I see something wrong which is why I brought it up
Ex VP Atiku Abubakar Accuses APC Says Nigeria’s Solution is PDP
Man of the moment I predicted your coming 3 years ago under the platform of PDP Arinze Henry Ojukwu #atikulate the
_danfulani
You've made a mistake returning to PDP you will be shocked in 2019 elections that's if you're successful in the primaries
Someone is talking about problem in Ikeja you are talking about problem in Ajah Wetin co
_4j If remain in come 2019 APC carries the vote!
My instinct told me was hurriedly out of due to pressures from his allies He
APC has Lost us Three Million Jobs a Year-Atiku
Follow your hopes and not you fears.. just believed in you
Looters should learn from the westernes They should stope embezzling our money. Both
Wake up sir El Rufai Saraki Dogara Ameachi Melaye Ogbeh and
Sorry to say I had not seen a leader with through zeal to heal our nation They ate all for themselves
2019 election Why Atiku will lose contest Senator Ibrahim via
Atiku asks PDP to focus on sacking a govt that got power ‘through deceit’
Just as said APC took away 3million jobs we now see these hypocrites Talk abt
Npower #30k for a man They truly passed Show me how much Saraki Ekweremadu PYO PMB and others sons earn.
is our president not .
We are used to this Same promise Nonsense

Sir PDP rule our beloved country Nigeria for 16year and during this period you're part of the government w
So Npower na "job" Poverty has wrecked your thinking faculty.
Former Vice President Atiku Abubakar Calls For A United PDP Plots APC's Downfall Ahead Of 2019
Former Vice President Atiku Abubakar Calls For A United PDP Plots APC's Downfall Ahead Of 2019
Former Vice President Atiku Abubakar Calls For A United PDP Plots APC's Downfall Ahead Of 2019
Thou shall not underrate Atiku
And when he becomes president he'll put on shoe worth 50mil NGN if possible Looters #Learn_from_westerners
Battle For 2019 Begins As Wike 10 PDP Governors Dump Atiku Endorse An Ex-Governor For President Fayose As Runni
Battle For 2019 Begins As Wike 10 PDP Governors Dump Atiku Endorse An Ex-Governor For President Fayose As Runni
Battle For 2019 Begins As Wike 10 PDP Governors Dump Atiku Endorse An Ex-Governor For President Fayose As Runni
In my view Atiku is way too easy to Campaign against...
All of them are footballers they sign new contract with present clubs or make use of a transfer window.😀😀
Bro abeg just tweet in your dialect Biko🙏🙏🙏
_ll See sentiment all over his face
I laugh Home indeed
No time for any redemption We are already in election mood And Atiku is certainly not a lightweight
Atiku's grouse APC's sneer
I may have been one of your critics but going through your open letter to I-go-die may just have changed my opinion of you
I have a business proposition for you #atikuforpresident2019
No I'm not did you look at the picture properly If no look again. If yes and you didn't see t
Someone as young as I guess.🙄
😂😂
Atiku says only united PDP can sack APC in 2019 READ MORE
Dear Sir Great outing at the PDP convention I just wanted to point out that wearing foreign designers
😂
these guys don tire me.
I can't believe is getting to Nigerians through the #EndSars campaign and is having some support. Hoh God W
After convention it’s time to sack APC Atiku
Point of correction Atiku was not among those who formed APC he only joined them
You don't know the contents of the new manifesto of the PDP Political Aspirants rely on party m
_joy Buhari and atiku na..
_elmusty Well are you saying atiku is our saviour let wait and see
APC is enemy of PDP Nigeria Atiku alleges
APC is enemy of PDP Nigeria Atiku alleges
APC is enemy of PDP Nigeria Atiku alleges
Lol
The VP sort of gets it but I think that the president is from a totally different
You chose to ignore the points I made What would the APC be known for after they may have left
APC and PDP thread words over the latter's recent national convention Atiku joins the fireworks
Welcome back sir Allah yasa hakan yazama alheri ne
Okorocha tackles Tinubu on automatic ticket for Buhari says Atiku leaving APC is not good for the party
Voting pdp is not the issue but voting Atiku is like going back to Egypt.
Your Excellency what happens if you don't get the ticket of PDP Presidential Flag Bearer We the youths are curious to know...
_abdul Oga leave g
'Together we shall change the change and burn the brooms in 2019 FFK congratulates new PDP Chairman Uche Secondus
I dont care really...
is the man to lead us to where we ought to be and not where few individuals in the
The is the enemy of Nigeria &amp not the ruling This is to correct d negative propaganda of Alhaji Atiku Abubakar.
New post (Vox Pop If Nigeria's Presidential Election Holds Between Atiku And Buhari Who Would You Vote For? has
Well done sir'z🙌🙌🙌...
PHOTO Atiku Abubakar And Goodluck Jonathan Hug At The PDP Convention
Is it true?
APC and PDP thread words over the latter's recent national convention Atiku joins the
Where you belong
_01 Lol Deji will not answer you all. His number dey voicemail now.
pls use your drug dont let be the source of your problem
wait is it you guys that really tweet all this
_igodye Yes man your rite

Kwankwaso is the answer
AnnKio Briggs attacks Buhari’s aide over comments on Atiku
He is but still has a fighting chance Can’t say the same for Atiku
Put your biased mind aside the party national election was open ballot ,it wasn't selective

#Election2019 Why Buhari will defeat Atiku even in his home Braimoh
New post (#Election2019 Why Buhari will defeat Atiku even in his home Braimoh has been published on TopNaija -
The was differentiate the past which was PDP and present APC If you think your life is better no
your Excellency change the change for us You are a philanthropist that knows what up and can handle Nigeria
2019 Atiku’s Departure Sad For APC Okorocha
APC is enemy of PDP Nigeria Atiku alleges
👇
Next yea 2018 before you give her money for Brazilian hair she must sing the Brazilian National Anthem first...😑
_abiodunaduke Come down.. Drink cold water plz
The time is now
Very very embarrassing
Back home ko?
You have to convince us because i ain't seen how you truly believe and support one Nigeria.
_nath _nath Liveless thinking So na only Yahoo Yahoo dem Do Laptop for??
_abdul It's not ab
What is funny?
But he was running some businesses while in service
How Atiku will unseat Buhari Reno Omokri
_mrbranding Very funny
New post (How Atiku will unseat Buhari Reno Omokri has been published on TopNaija
Please share the #facts only I will like to see a link or survey stating what you just said
What type of jobs u want to create if you can select a youth as your running mate we are going to vote you
together we succeed divided we fall hoping to see you at the top my leader
Atiku congratulates Secondus says APC is enemy of Nigeria
Atiku Abubakar Needs to Do More for Nigeria 2019 atiku__abubakar #nigeria2019 #nigeria #pđp
Going by what PDP turned this country to it's disheartening to see your post that you are back home Everyo
2019 PDP ready to sack APC for deceiving Nigerians in 2015 Atiku
Seriously sir u sure know how to deceive ppl For once be honest in the campaign season and who knows it mi
Lol.. All these old politicians should leave Nigeria alone na
Why did my statement hurt you so much Lol Some people !
Scammers
ha ha ha ha in-house election rigged Hope u guys not going to rig the 2018 general election
Atiku Congratulates Secondus For Emerging PDP Chair
Atiku Congratulates Secondus For Emerging PDP Chair
APC and PDP thread words over the latter's recent national convention Atiku joins the
A lot of places and there are lots of examples..But take your lazy self off
APC Promised Us Restructuring Has Failed To Deliver Atiku
APC Promised Us Restructuring Has Failed To Deliver Atiku
APC Promised Us Restructuring Has Failed To Deliver Atiku
Atiku congratulates Secondus says APC is enemy of Nigeria READ MORE
Nigeria 2019 VP Atiku Abubakar Needs To Do More
Fani-Kayode reacts to emergence of Secondus Atiku’s speech
APC and PDP thread words over the latter's recent national convention Atiku joins the fireworks
How I wish the C-in-C will emulate your political styles Your Excellency. Anyway the likes of
" _Traffic " This one weak me o #EndSARS #GIDITRAFFIC Over to you
,sir Nigerians are wiser now and would prefer better than what you or your present
Agreed.....but I hope Atiku doesn't win that election too
See The Moment Atiku And Goodluck Jonathan Hugged At The PDP Convention (Photo
The these old stock has no youth has it and they cannot compete for vote except the means of violent
Is it true Maina,Barau,Babachir Lawal,Andrew Yakubu etc have been jai
It's good to be our next President
I plead to u 2 donate 4 myfriendsurgery.#450k raised,remaining#2million naira. _deselliot

Let’s be wise!! We shouldn’t want any of these people!! Their generation has failed us!! Anyone wit
Congratulations to our New Chairman and WELCOME HOME YOUR EXCELLENCY.GOOD TO KNOW YOU WERE THERE LIVE.
According to him the process leading to the conclusion of the convention showed that the PDP is yet to do away wit
Atiku will unseat Buhari Omokri

APC Enemy of PDP Nigeria Atiku
APC Enemy of PDP Nigeria Atiku
Buhari and Atiku matter sha
Atiku
Atiku reacts to Pastor Sam Adeyemi’s opinion on #EndSARS
And your homes will forever remains dirty without brooms
_trust Will Atiku himself stay when he fail to get the ticket?
I am not against Atiku intentions of becoming the president of our great nation But then I will w
[NairaLand See The Moment Atiku And Goodluck Jonathan Hugged At The PDP Convention (Photo

Best bet for Atiku is Iweala or Ekweremandu for VP SW votes will be divided between both parties.
I love atiku abubakar to be president of nigeria
Buhari will still cut from Atiku strongest blocs... Meanwhile who says the ticket has been handed t
APC and PDP thread words over the latter's recent national convention Atiku joins the fireworks
APC and PDP thread words over the latter's recent national convention Atiku joins the fireworks The All Progressi
See The Moment Atiku And Goodluck Jonathan Hugged At The PDP Convention (Photo
APC and PDP thread words over the latter's recent national convention Atiku joins the
sir I credit your desire to serve but it puts lots of questions on my mind about ur strategy Lots of young
Atiku the game changer. AFE=ATIKU FOR EVERYBODY AFA=ATIKU FOR ALL.
I hope so sir
Are you sure Mr Vice President
_JAGs _akin1
"I stopped Obasanjo from becoming Mugabe I'm not promising $1 N1 -Atiku Abubakar-
All these comments are uncalled for Is the mouthpiece of the PDP or has the party p
APC and PDP thread words over the latter's recent national convention Atiku joins the fireworks
APC Is Enemy Of Nigeria Atiku via
Will all hands be on deck this time?or betrayers will still continue their work.
A home you helped to destroy in 2015 As a returnee how can you re-integrate yourself into the party?
Atiku Carries Some Political Weight Says Okorocha
APC is enemy of PDP Nigeria Atiku alleges
These Patriots &amp Have Championed The Cause Of The Youth &amp Deserve Our Appreciation Was There As The Rep.
_ibrahim Atiku alailojuti will soon sing another song when they show him that PDP has not change from their impunity style.
APC has failed PDP coming to take over ―Jonathan Atiku Makarfi others
This is laughable Usher Secondus who emerge as Chairman of PDP from the party convention is a prod
Politics Atiku congratulates Secondus says APC is enemy of Nigeria
His regime is the best i
So I Sat Close To The Ballistic Glass Enclosure Where &amp Were Sitted The PDP Convention &amp All I Could Do Was Admire Them
welcome home Turaki........ #AtikulateNigeria2019 #Atikunation
Guys check out entry date for this word 🤣🤦🏽‍♂️😥 John saw the future of Atiku 😆🤷🏾‍♂
Well my mom used to say "the hen never forgets where it lay it's eggs
Akpabio looking like chai This game wey we dey play so..
I disagree with IBB because Atiku's popularity is already forgotten by the united populous of this country #stateofthenation
Do you remember when I told you that an Ogbia man like never fights any political enemy The lies you
Atiku is better than lukaku Argue with your landlord 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
You are just being petty Oga As if he doesn't have enough to buy it.
It's really OK to blast APC as a party and the PMB administration for failing to live up to expectations bu
Like I said Atiku wants 2tick a bucket list...I eventually bcam a president in my lifetime he has not personally done anything good 4naija
Day dreaming of Atiku and PDP.Nigerians are waiting to see
Burn the Brooms in 2019 Femi Fani Kayode to Atiku
Setup training institutes to channel your knowledge and ideologies into a new generation of future young lea

U hv to knw dat is regions hv no party to vote for except pdp nd them cn chose to vote during their guber v
To keep Nigeria united and moving forward Atiku is the key He is the last man standing
Babangida To Atiku "Forget Your Presidential Ambition" Angry Atiku Shuns Press 2019 Presidency Angry Atiku shu
#AtiCool2019
APC has nothing to fear from PDP if Atiku ends up being PDP's candidate in 2019. Atiku'll be the best chance of Buhari's reelection #Fact
Honestly the Yoruba's are important ..but with or without the Yoruba's. Pdp can still we..if Atiku is all
His sense of reasoning.
Buhari too is a desperadox2
Lol...No shame
And you will remain at your home in 2019 by God's grace.
_ifeanyi How on earth can even mention Atiku what a head what a mindset!
To reform abi to end?
Wike made a huge mistake with his statements,South West PDP would chop Atiku’s money come 2019 and
APC Is Enemy Of Nigeria Atiku via
_tee you don carry your badluck from Dortmund go affect Manchester united for England. U go jump go PSG very soon. Atiku of football
Look at the set of people that will get Nigeria working again .
Igbos Should Not Attack Abubakar ​
You open your mouth and say is too old Yet the alternative you want us to consider is older than him Are you still sane like this?
Lol The amount of thought that went until this It's why Atiku is an option 😑
Atiku just Lukaku to win in 2019
S/w re ready to vote for pdp bt the two regions S/S E re nt wat u thougt of them,U RE PLAYING A WRONG GAME I
If you don't win You'll return back again Prodigal man
Gida BIYU maganin gobara😁😁😁😁
Welcome to your "home hope you will be able to stand as a viable alternative and not just another politicia
Good one we are supporting u Sir
Yes of course
sir,i hv been trying to add to my private chat room but i gues u re d only person that can do that.I
Abubakar Atiku You're not even playing this Game well.
My governor is doing what he can for the state Outside Lagos Anambra has one of the be
See How Much Atiku's Shoes At PDP Convention Costs
You seem certain about Atiku clinching the PDP ticket.. How's that?
A new dawn for Nigeria...
Please read number 1 from this article incase you have forgotten
2019 Atiku’s Departure Sad For APC Tinubu Crying More Than The Bereaved Okorocha Explodes -
How corrupt is I just want to know! Someone please tell me..
Coughing pls...U re at d wrong side again,d party picked d wrong man from confuse region.2015 is abt to rep
Atiku’s exit not good for APC says Okorocha. Me The founder of Ministry of "Happiness and the builder of unnece
2019 Atiku Care Foundation Mobilising To Purchase Ticket for Wazirin Adamawa Chairman
i don't think APC should be bothered by ATIKU's departure.
PDP means people deceiving people so that is exactly what you are there to do
You are here to recover your company intel
You guys are thieves d damages PDP did to this country in 16 years is beyond what PMB will repair in 2 year
_odenigbo _igodye Harrison well done
Yes He could change the #AsoRock with the return of corruption after it has been chased away.
You are a real shameless man a dog that goes back to its vomit Jumping from party A to party B to party C,
How about not giving a damn about atiku nor buhari.
Atiku To PDP Enemy Of Our Party Is APC
2019 Atiku’s Departure Sad For APC Tinubu Crying More Than The Bereaved Okorocha
_igodye It is good you responded to Agoda and to other youths my former vice president Sir my
Super story
in Daura in Ikenne All these won't save from losing 2019 This tricks won't w
We have told them bfr now If 1 million people come out for 2019 National Election APC will defeat PDP Neither
Atiku exit from APC is a big blow Okorocha
APC enemy of PDP Nigeria Atiku
APC enemy of PDP Nigeria Atiku
APC enemy of PDP Nigeria Atiku
With a Dr Fayose behind Atiku as vp 2019 victory is guaranteed for d PDP.
You have been noticed 👏🏿👏🏿.
How is SE waiting for 2023 when will attempt 8yrs 'if he wins 2027 maybe and that's 12yrs to the North
The PDP left so many good legacies for Nigeria The PDP gave you access to the internet The PDP
U won mould Atiku?
You that will still port 🚶🚶
Reno I had some sympathy for PDP but with the tales of unity list scheming SW out of the chair
Atiku reacts to Pastor Sam Adeyemi’s opinion on #EndSARS
History Show the court judgement sentencing him.
Please remind this
_Bakare1 A despot a ruler who governs unjustly cruelly or harshly (by extension . A
Waiting for what will say about this. Taiwo like to think Nigeria's problems are "foundational and fundamen
The game has changed again to favor APC comes 2019 If PDP presents Atiku or anybody APC has the joker for them P
_Sley What are the bad sides of that's missing in ?
Pls sir i need a job being a graduate for years pls help me, i studied psychology(bsc) I can also work for u here in Delta State
Atiku will democratically unseat Buhari Reno Omokri
Ex-VP Atiku Abubakar’s exit not good for APC Governor Okorocha via todayng
[NairaLand 2019 Atiku’s Departure Sad For APC Tinubu Crying More Than The Bereaved Okorocha
"5 and 97 do not add up to 100% 7 takeaways from Atiku’s PDP convention speech
What's he?
If u don't av anything re
No place like home
In spite of ethnical biase you still believe he's come to stay?
Your conviction and perseverance will work for you
And the prodigal son returns!
Oshe Atiku
_j And if no other party emerges?
Politically You Have No Base Presidency Blasts Atiku Again
It is wen u failed to dri
'There is no northern politician ALIVE that will defeat President Buhari in 2019 .. take note.
‘Tinubu Cried Endlessly and Atiku’s Departure Is Not Good For APC Okorocha
Atiku in warm embrace with Jonathan and Sambo (Photos
NigeriaNewsdesk Ex-VP Atiku Abubakar’s exit not good for APC Governor Okorocha via toda
U still can't become the president😒😒😒😒
_E_Austin In as much as I also think isn't the perfect replaceme
2019 Atiku’s Departure Sad For APC Tinubu Crying More Than The Bereaved Okorocha
Atiku is to PDP what Lukaku is to Man.U If PDP must have a say in 2017,they MUST NEVER allow Any APC member to com
Opinion Thou shall not underrate Atiku.. By Simon Kolawole
2019 presidency Why Buhari will defeat Atiku even in his home Braimoh
_B how far call me back
Usually I dont respond to h
Ex-VP Atiku Abubakar’s exit not good for APC Governor Okorocha via
Ex-VP Atiku Abubakar’s exit not good for APC Governor Okorocha
Allah yasa zamani megirma
Atiku Atiku! Atiku!! Hmmmmmm
We will accept you like Atiku has always been accepted
In law kaima kabi Atiku ne _bakr
All these for just decamping Why didnt you start this criticism as a member of APC In the last 16yrs APC a
The strength and future of Nigeria are Okada riders Too bad.
The 181 non accredited delegates were the super and supreme delegates Only and ca
We that know aren't in the multitude We are of no electoral value Why u still see a whole s
Another victim of Atiku's gimmick detected!!
Did you say ideological Atiku doesn't have one.
APC Promised Us Restructuring Has Failed To Deliver Atiku...
2019 Election Atiku’s departure sad for APC Tinubu crying more than the bereaved Rochas Okorocha says ... ..
Mischief was behind 's comment I just marvel at how he has gone 360 degrees from APC leader to abusing APC
Agreed Just as we can't complain about our economical situation and still vote one of our mistakes who deca
‘Tinubu Cried Endlessly and Atiku’s Departure Is Not Good For APC Okorocha
I am a witness sir
_igodye Atiku has no corruption charges anywhere Even OBJ couldn’t find any aga
Abba just of recent decamp?
😂😂😂😂 guy give up this Narrative....evn Atiku can do better
That one reason why joined the because of their internal democracy Second to none in the wo
To you Not to the ones w
_igodye It’s obviously obvious!
_igodye Atiku is good A man who took it upon himself to defend our democracy when OBJ wan
Nigerians look up to PDP to rescue them from APC Atiku
Nigerians look up to PDP to rescue them from APC Atiku
Fani-Kayode Reacts To Emergence Of Secondus Atiku’s Speech
Congratulations
We can't just believe it.. We know those who will sale us very cheap.
2019 PDP must remain united to defeat mis-governing lying APC Atiku
Sir when I look at your antecedent you're on of the most luckiest Nigerians you're collecting pensions fro
“It’s Good To Be Back Home Atiku Abubakar Hugs Good luck Jonathan
lol Records Which of the
Home sweet home
_trust I advise you to start drawing Orubebe's ear before 2019.. This present INEC chairman may not be as cool as Jega...
please don't disappoint us like lukaku
No equal opportunity in this country but just believe in Nigeria
PDP Convention Atiku Calls For Reconciliation Unity
Lier
It is an iron broom you are too late.
Former VP you are sure of my vote.
SE is eyeing 2023 with Atiku That Won't be a reality Besides SW can't dump Osinbajo So te
daily_trust After convention it’s time to sack APC Atiku
Who then Dangote It is called Dangote Group and has board of directors Owned not only by Dangote.
berates #PDPConvention2017 says not ready for change
ATIKU I KNOW!!! I know has the verse knowledge when u come to the issue of governance and politics. In Ni
Remember this guy? He left PDP once he realized APC was going to win saying PDP was "beyond redemption." He's ba
I believe in Nigeria and not in Igbo Nigeria Hausa Nigeria or Yoruba Nigeria but in One Nigeria as Nigerians .
_madu _Traffic Speak for ur sef
Sir i'll like to ask this question from you what are the possible avenue that you think this country can
You know where Aso Rock is now.
Welcome back Sir from one of your faithfull supporters in the south east.
We came all the way from Kaduna to show our solidarity no mobilization fee no nothing But we still remain
ATIKU I KNOW!!! I know has the verse knowledge when u come to the issue of governance and politics. In Nigeria to
#APC Deliver 3 Million Job Losses Anually #jobloss
#APC Deliver 3 Million Job Losses Anually #jobloss
#APC Deliver 3 Million Job Losses Anually #jobloss
Your excellency sir what is the visible economic blueprint that you feel this country can employ for the n
Oga you are always a use and dumb material be wise.
🔯🔯 _in
Sir I'll like to ask you a question Are a Christian or Muslim?
always in the lossing side
APC Promised Us Restructuring Has Failed To Deliver Atiku
APC Promised Us Restructuring Has Failed To Deliver Atiku
‘Atiku will democratically unseat the tyrant Muhammadu Buhari in 2019 Reno Omokri
What do you want sir Let's know how to channel our strength!
We were d only people rising ur banner yesterday convention ground Waziri Face of hope is our associatio
After convention it’s time to sack APC Atiku
Threat my ass I pray u live to witness PDPigs saying
_abdul
Nice one
So when you give somebody money for a specific purpose you don't have the authority to ask how the
_abdul
If only you know about Nigerian politics you wouldn't have died for any of these men Stop selling your votes YOUT
we the youths we will stand for better for worse to bring back PDP the party that care for all to were it be
PDP will be great again.
It's a matter of time time will tell..
#NigerianPolitics by the numbers Buhari &amp Osinbajo v Atiku &amp Obi reviewed Buhari (North East &amp West Osinbajo (
Because APC has been taking over by Hausa Fulani
ATIKU’S DEPARTURE A BIG LOSS TO APC SAYS OKOROCHA AS HE BLASTS TINUBU
Atiku gonna win like skrrrrr ka ka ka
I didn’t enrich myself in govt – …claims he assembled Obasanjo’s economic team Punch Newspapers via
BRIGHT BAYO OLADEJI'S BLOG Fani-Kayode Congratulates Secondus Jonathan Atiku Othets
So quick!! Movement???
We are not enslaved only in Libya sir We are enslaved here in Nigeria We are in bondage.
“How APC Promised and Failed Atiku Delivers Powerful Address at PDP National Convention
“How APC Promised and Failed Atiku Delivers Powerful Address at PDP National Convention
“How APC Promised and Failed Atiku Delivers Powerful Address at PDP National Convention
“How APC Promised and Failed Atiku Delivers Powerful Address at PDP National Convention
Just the way money was used to hired a crowd to welcome Buhari in Kano right
“How APC Promised and Failed Atiku Delivers Powerful Address at PDP National Convention
Video 2 Allahu Akbar Inama Shugabannin Mu Za Suyi Amfani Da Wannan Ilimi. Ina Masu Kare Gwamna ko Wani Shugaba?
Congratulations to PDP for the successful election I congratulate you too for taken the right decision to c
To vote you as a President I reader vote for a person that killed in my present God know your
I'm really getting to like u sir . I rep 9jayouthinpolitics.. How do you tends to incorporate 9ja yo
what did you and Obasanjo give Nigerians? And what Legacy has PDP left behind besides its huge corrupt fan base? #NoAtiku
I think 2019 election will be a contest of old goats PDP should be presenting young and intelligent men Wh
“Send me a direct message on Twitter and we will take it from there Atiku Replies
If I were you I wouldn't have waste my time saying such things which We Nigerians are fully aware of
Including this too As long as I know APC is not working pdp is not the change we need I wi
“Send me a direct message on Twitter and we will take it from there Atiku Replies
I have never seen any politician who is as desperate has you sir
Atiku Discussed How To Call Gov Wike To Order In PDP With Ibrahim Babangida Sahara Reporters via
Who made these statements
While President plunged millions of Nigerians into extreme poverty and hunger his cows are getting fatter
Sah I learnt your new chairman has just punctured PDP tyre in Southwest.. The vote of Southsouth/Southeast
“Send me a direct message on Twitter and we will take it from there Atiku Replies Comedian I Go Dye’s Open Lett
Nigerians look up to PDP to end APC’s mis-governance Atiku
APC is enemy of Nigeria Atiku says
APC waxing stronger after ’s exit Gundiri
His excellency alhaji atiku Abubakar i will trust him more than buhari because buhari he
NigeriaNewsdesk Nigerians look up to PDP to rescue them from APC Atiku via ynaija
‘Tinubu is crying more than the bereaved and Atiku’s departure is not good for APC Okorocha
Nigerians look up to PDP to rescue them from APC Atiku via ynaija
Atiku’s exit not good for APC says Okorocha
Nigerians look up to PDP to rescue them from APC Atiku via
It breaks me when young persons come at each others jugular because of Nigerian politicians I wonder how some peop
The same home u ruined electorally
[News Update Nigerians look up to PDP to rescue them from APC Atiku Buy Dildo and Vibr
Don't know of other states check point on SARS but in yola they do #EndSarsBrutality
Abeg Sir don't ever go near peace again
Video 1 Allahu Akbar Inama Shugabannin Mu Za Suyi Amfani Da Wannan Ilimi. Ina Masu Kare Gwamna ko Wani Shugaba?
FFK Reacts To Emergence Of Secondus As PDP Chairman &amp Atiku’s Speech
Welcome let's see want he will do?
SARS should stop these their check point is of no use #EndSARS #EndSarsBrutality
Stop deceiving your self that home is hellfire
My problem with you sir is each time you are ask a question you end up condemning the present Govt that you
APC is enemy of PDP Nigeria Atiku alleges
_Traffic Please give the younger generation an opportunity There's not
Buhari is not better...but we will never entrust Nigeria into the Hands of people of your like minds and Atiku...pe
Hahaha lolx
No one is desperate for power than Atiku in this country but why
"How APC Promised and Failed Atiku Delivers Powerful Address
2 people followed me / automatically checked by
Hypocrisy
Exercise in futility
This man (atiku has zero shame🙈🙈🙈
APC is enemy of Nigeria Atiku says
APC is Enemy of PDP Nigeria Atiku declares
APC is Enemy of PDP Nigeria Atiku declares
Police says if they end SARS robbers will take over but why do they even have check points don't know if they will arrest them along road
#TheScript said he helped the masses to stop OBJ from becoming another mugabe this time around the masses
PDP :Atiku Congratulates Uche Secondus,Others via Insight News
I believe in a country where each state control their resources and laziness will no longer be promoted.. That's my dream of Nig
Dis family needs ur financial help Wema bank Account name Banji Alabi Acct no 0233305570
Atiku in 2017 I am proud that the PDP has an unequalled record of growing our economy for the benefit of all
Dear when you succeed in winning your party's presidential ticket for 2019 elections please e
_Traffic I don't think we will be fair to ourselves if we
You can join him(Atiku)now
Atiku remain the best candidate of presidency for now.
“HOW APC PROMISED AND FAILED”… Atiku Delivers Powerful Address at PDP National Convention (Full Speech
Atiku in 2015 Nigerians are tired of the dangerous PDP mathematics that is destroying our democracy the mat
.....dude way safe to say you better ship your principal thievin
‘APC Came Into Power By Deceit Atiku
This man you actually believe that Nigerians are foolish..enough reason not to vote for you.
I am the coiner of Atikulated &amp I am Atikulated.
Give PDP presidential ticket for 2019 and as his running mate then go to bed.
I like this man 😂😂 #BurnTheBrooms2019
Compliment Sir We plead your indulgence for a courtesy visit to meet "THE MAN ATIKU" Nessy Joshua for POLITICS WITHOUT SENTIMENTS.
Gmb ba gudu ba Jada baya
APC Promised Us Restructuring Has Failed To Deliver Atiku
You have returned to your filthy vomit
..Your Excellency Sir...who made this statement..when do you want us to trust you.
‘APC Came Into Power By Deceit Atiku
So tell us about boko haram and how the PDPigs ensured the NE was peaceful
Emir of KATAGUM an Icon of Societal development..we shall live to remember you...REST IN PEACE
Atiku’s exit not good for APC Okorocha
I'll vote atiku I support atiku but you brought the ugly situation on us You understand PMB leadership capacity yet you support PMB
Atiku and lies were you not part of APC why didn't you help them with the restructuring If you coul
Story
OK I never thought of that until now...i hope can see this
Not Atiku nor any other candidate who hv shown interest 4d office of d presidency is a substitute 4pmb
Sir just go and rest and support a youth
They may be challenged by Atiku and Ibori whose earnings are from.....😰😰😰
Degea for President 2019. Buhari and Atiku can't save shit.

_Traffic Your myopia has been long established Ogbeni!
Who else in d PDP is beta dan atiku?He has d poltical structure,d finacial muscle,warchest ful of teflo
Ex-vice president Atiku declares former party APC as Nigeria’s enemy
_Traffic I have chosen to FEED sense to you this ethnic/religious bigot
Former Vice President Atiku Abubakar Calls For A United PDP Plots APC’s Downfall Ahead Of 2019
Former Vice President Atiku Abubakar Calls For A United PDP Plots APC’s Downfall Ahead Of 2019
Former Vice President Atiku Abubakar Calls For A United PDP Plots APC’s Downfall Ahead Of 2019
APC Promised Us Restructuring Has Failed To Deliver Atiku A former Vice president of Nigeria Atiku Abubakar o
Atiku reacts to Secondus emergence as PDP’s National Chairman
Atiku reacts to Secondus emergence as PDP’s National Chairman
Atiku the technocrat
Congrats to our own able Uche Secondus and all the new excos This is the time to rebrand and takr
The two men who caused the fall of Pdp in 2015 GEJ by weakness and his pitiable reelection bid While Atiku
_Traffic I'm sure you also support Female Genital Mutilations and are a
Wow
Lol
Wow Is there a limit to this
Ex-vice president urges unity in to sack in 2019
Errrm sir you were part of this deceit
_cellinus Yesooo
Atiku’s Exit Not Good For APC Tinubu Is Crying More Than The Bereaved Okorocha
What a wawuu
So soon Ex-VP The song has now changed to “US" Chai There is God ooo
Atiku’s exit not good for APC says Okorocha
Someone plz remind Atiku that he was part of the APC that promised us restructuring so he shouldn't cl
No man is preface my brother
APC Is Nigeria Enemy Says Atiku
The Internet never lies...
What a joke

NO to Atiku
APC Promised Us Restructuring Has Failed To Deliver Atiku
Is he as rich as the northern politicians?the media only carry news of southern pple is atiku n co not stupendously rich?
LOL
Atiku congratulates Secondus says APC is enemy of Nigeria
Lol.. Sola why are you saying this to me am I his campaign manager....
_madu _Traffic Akinwunmi are you representing Garba shehu
Read Atiku’s Makes Speech At PDP Convention After His Move
Congratulation for what u are a cost to ur generations mr atiku
2019 ’s Ultimate Goal To Sack ‘Mis-Governing Lying
How better do you think will be? I guess you enjoyed his 8years or so of impunity Instead of Atiku let Bu
Nice
_adeyemi Hmmm interesting
APC Promised Us Restructuring Has Failed To Deliver Atiku
_0129 Naso dem go talk Wicked people The gods of my village will strike you people down Let the you
_Traffic As I have also chosen to COOK sense to feed your ignorance nko
ATIKU is the biggest individual employer of Labour in Nigeria.
'APC Came Into Power By Deceit Atiku
#ajstream _PCRRU
With how many ward meetings Bros?
Nice one
‘Atiku’s departure is not good for APC Okorocha
Atiku congratulates Secondus says APC is enemy of Nigeria
So why did you leave after these 16 years
Yes teammates dream
Okorocha Unhappy Over Atiku’s Defection Blasts Tinubu
Sir you didn't carry us the PDM along In any case I wish you the best.
Congratulations to you too in advance
and Are changing the change comes 2019
_Traffic Are cattle not in a quasi ranch operated system Or y
#Atiku100
That is the TRUST
the work available will request for someone under 26
burn it down dear you and Gov Fayose are simply the best I love ur guts and I know we PDP
the educational sector of this country is bad the lecturers the school managements are wasting our time.
_Traffic Toh..I see any you are a sexist So you are a Religious Bigot,
APC Is Enemy Of Nigeria Atiku
I believed u
It's good to have you back home Sir
APC enemy of PDP Nigeria Atiku
I just hope u give the common Nigeria a chance of belonging.
You are welcome back daddy.. May you soar on an eagles wing.. I emulate you sir
Atiku’s exit not good for APC says Okorocha
Atiku’s exit not good for APC says Okorocha
daily_trust Atiku says only united PDP can sack APC in 2019
_Traffic That's it there True Confession from you Get rid of your eth
All of a Sudden Atiku has become everybody's man...
APC enemy of PDP Nigeria Atiku
Sir it seems to me that you are unstable and unprincipled What has changed in the PDP that you left before
Atiku says only united PDP can sack APC in 2019
_Traffic You can't claim to be strongly disturbed about the killings an
daily_trust Secondus serves APC quit notice for 2019
,Sir looking at the polity and the shenanigan called APC what would you do differently if elected into office? I humbly ask?
Madness how our only two shots on target have come after we conceded City are vulnerable we just haven't attempted to expose them.
2019 PDP must remain united to defeat mis-governing lying APC Atiku
Waziri. 2019
Atiku Abubakar reveals the difference between Nigeria and Naija via De Blogger
_A Cc
_akin1 I wonder oo
Secondus serves APC quit notice for 2019
will have to do more homework than that if he doesn’t want to justify the ‘laughing stock tag &amp;
daily_trust APC waxing stronger after Atiku’s exit Gundiri
praising Hmmm these are indeed interesting times to be alive Obj's Rottweiler against Atiku
Atiku is up for public embarrassments we can't be deceived again
Yeah we must but I don't think that leader will be you!!
Okorocha to APC Atiku’s exit not good for us
_Traffic Playing the ethnicity card again that seems to be your levera
So has bought into the dumbkopf construction of ’s speech about areas that voted 97 APC
Battle For 2019 Begins As Wike 10 PDP Governors Dump Atiku Endorse An Ex-Governor For President Fayose As Runni
Battle For 2019 Begins As Wike 10 PDP Governors Dump Atiku Endorse An Ex-Governor For President Fayose As Runni
Battle For 2019 Begins As Wike 10 PDP Governors Dump Atiku Endorse An Ex-Governor For President Fayose As Runni
Get PDP working first sir we can talk about nigeria later.
When your ATM is done leaking Wike and Secondus will dump you for Southsouth/Southeastern aspirant.. You'll decamp
President and brutally murdered 1000 infants children women and
If dankwambo no gree show... We manage the one wey show. Atiku over what you have now!
President and brutally murdered 1000 infants children women and men in Zaria and
APC waxing stronger after Atiku’s exit Gundiri
IF I had to choose between only Atiku and Buhari By all means Atiku we have tried Buhari and it’s been a very big F.
indeed boss home is always home
With Haji Jauron Convention yesterday
Yeah your PR is doing well in using your social media accounts to manipulate the youths or rather those that want
Atiku's 2019 Presidency Ibrahim Babangida Raises Alarm Rubbishes Media Reports Sets The Record Straight Once And
Atiku's 2019 Presidency Ibrahim Babangida Raises Alarm Rubbishes Media Reports Sets The Record Straight Once And
Atiku's 2019 Presidency Ibrahim Babangida Raises Alarm Rubbishes Media Reports Sets The Record Straight Once And
The home that is not in good shape hmmm am sure it will be demolish at the end!
Option 1 Buhari Option 2 Atiku Option 3 Peter Obi/Donald Duke? #2019
Because you met with him and he is a detribalized politician made him the right person for the job
2019 PDP’s Ultimate Goal To Sack ‘Mis-Governing Lying APC Atiku
PDP remains a corrupt party to an average Nigerian BH Sponsor and Bomb blast mastermind to most Northerners
_Traffic I forgot you are a part of that generation!
's face didn't show someone who missed a Brother There's a big uncertainty in that look like after pus
[NairaLand FFK Reacts To Emergence Of Secondus As PDP Chairman &amp Atiku’s Speech |This caps
_Traffic U can empathize with the Vegas killings but herdsmen&amp;farmers c
‘Tinubu is crying more than the bereaved and Atiku’s departure is not good for APC –
APC enemy of PDP Nigeria Atiku
Atiku’s departure a big loss to APC Rochas Okorocha
Atiku congratulates Secondus says #APC is enemy of Nigeria #newsupdate #atikuabubakar #pdp
FFK Reacts To Emergence Of Secondus As PDP Chairman &amp Atiku’s Speech
Atiku’s Exit Not Good For APC Tinubu Is Crying More Than The Bereaved Okorocha
The Apc is the party doing what Pdp could not do for 15 years.. What does pdp have to offer us?
Perhaps "Our Oga cannot be defeated because he won't play fair All these power-drunk-decrepits

_ikejii thanks
APC is enemy of PDP Nigeria Atiku alleges Former Vice President Atiku Abubakar has
APC is enemy of PDP Nigeria Atiku alleges
Loool This may just be Atiku's season
APC is enemy of PDP Nigeria Atiku alleges
APC is enemy of PDP Nigeria Atiku alleges
APC is enemy of PDP Nigeria Atiku alleges
_mijinyawa How can a woman be more wiser than when thesame fabricated stories wer
_Traffic For your glorious ignorance to be WOKE is to be socially awar
Atiku is a Lecherous Harlot
Think in the interest of volatility we in the south should gun for 2 Nort
Wait Is That Buhari with a Cavs branded shoe? Really? Atiku 2019 in Shaa Allah We move
Okorocha Atiku’s departure a big loss to APC attacks Tinubu
I hope to join your presidential bid i so much believe you will deliver 2019
See your life you are already losing the election You want to play innocent PDP is a scam Atiku is a SCAM
PDP Must Rescue Nigeria From APC’s Bad Governance Atiku
Atiku says APC enemy of PDP Nigeria
God bless you _ikejii #ThinkBIGSundayWithMarsha
Atiku have missed road before welcome back to home
‘Tinubu is crying more than the bereaved and Atiku’s departure is not good for APC Okorocha ..
Bamayi sai 2019
“How APC Promised and Failed Atiku Delivers Powerful Address at PDP National Convention
Okorocha confesses 's exit sad rhythm for plus for Ne
Okorocha confesses Atiku's exit sad rhythm for APC plus for PDP News WhirlWind News via
PDP is dreaming president rule in kuje prison
Battle For 2019 Begins As Wike 10 PDP Governors Dump Atiku Endorse An Ex-Governor For
Disgusting
Atiku's exit sad rhythm for APC plus for PDP News WhirlWind News via
_adelana Please tell him once again.
"Atiku congratulates Secondus says APC is enemy of Nigeria
What type of irresponsible journalism this is Reading his full statement there's no where Atiku ev
Aamen my brother.
Can anyone explain the expression on Akpabio's face Or am I reading too much to that wry smile cc
The PDP 2019 Presidential ticket appears democratically seeded to him.
[News Update Atiku congratulates Secondus says APC is enemy of Nigeria Buy this Penis E
#ThinkBIGSundayWithMarsha
Atiku's next battle will be vs the current PDP Governors.
Go find something better to do with your lives instead of depending on empt
Atiku left APC for this game played by Wike Father of modern democracy.
Atiku Wounded lion You are on your own You can never be our president.
Dear are making it hard for any right thinking Nigerian to believe
Compare entering Kano &amp entering PDP Convention eagle square Abuja yesterday. The different i
If by a stroke of luck is nominated &amp wins I hope he will consider that this govt may not
Atiku Abubakar Embraces Good Luck Jonathan -“It’s Good To Be Back Home via
_abdul
‘Tinubu is crying more than the bereaved and Atiku’s departure is not good for APC Okorocha
Atiku is sooroye He can never be our presido.
APC is enemy of PDP Nigeria Atiku alleges
_Traffic We have a problem where herdsmen want to remain nomadic at the
Akpabio's facial expression speaks more than that hug
Vanguard News Nigeria
Sir you have conquered your foes because you've conquered your fears Move on stronger and stronge
_abdul
Issues like #ENDSARS will always come if fundamental issues are not addressed "We can’t complain about the enslave
_i You are absolutely right.
_abdul
Sir not just PDP but it involved all the party too because it just the same pattern of leading we
Dear we hope seeing you again by January in kaduna on a 3 days visit to Commission
Even the impossible is possible in politics Sir
Atiku Congratulates Secondus For Emerging PDP National Chairman
Dear I send you this tweet because I strongly believe that you will listen to me I'm a serving officer I
And why should we the youth believe you sir When every now and then is promise and fail pattern we always received in return
in 2014
Atiku is losing to you You should consider running
Lol I don't need money.. Show me another man who really want to lead and I will sup
_brasl How do you know he is corrupt Or just hearsay Prove it but if can't quiet
It’s Good To Be Back Home Atiku Abubakar Embraces Goodluck Jonathan
It’s Good To Be Back Home Atiku Abubakar Embraces Goodluck Jonathan
New post on my blog APC Enemy Of PDP Nigeria Atiku
_abdul
Well is the only man in public space that I see where are the others I will stick wi
What has he forgotten to take when he was ruling. All this people don't have better offer to the youth of Nigeria
True that. Atiku's move basically declared the campaign/scheming season open
Atiku Congratulates Secondus New PDP NWC
We all want a beta Nigeria but we hv to make realistic decision no new party can t
_Suave Please you people should leave this remain loyal issue Obj wanted to run for 3rd term and fr
_abdul
_madu _Traffic Yes o.. We cannot forget our cultural upbringing. It's essential.
U r getting the point wrong bro the only option we have now is the
_madu _Traffic 😀😀 you had to define it Nice one
Bros each gave birth a baby cow 😀😀😀😀 _sparking _danfulani
Dear I read your response to Go Die's comment I want to say I am somewhat carried away with the
The trust is that their is nothing to trust about any party member they are all fighting for their selfless interest
_Traffic Meaning of WOKE
Look at you sitting down with comfort..... your actions has cause more suffering than happiness...maybe com
_abdul
Okorocha ‘Atiku is a heavyweight politician his defection bad for APC’ Gov says
_Traffic No vex oh....I am alive I am healthy I am blessed I
Their is nothing we can trust about either PDP or APC its just the same way of tricking the citizens. Third
Atiku’s Departure A Big Loss To APC Says Okorocha As He Blasts Tinubu
_abdul
Full Speech How APC Failed Nigerians Atiku Delivers Powerful Speech At PDP _Traffic
My colleague was talking about not seeing why Atiku would be an option and demanded track records I wish we had
u are like Atiku,who ran to APC,and ran bck to PDP.uve left many APC supporters wth no option than to be onlooking,no one trust u
Are you saying that the PDP is better than the apc because the APC haven't been able to deliver on
his excellency
_abdul
This man doesn't even have shame Obviously his money is making him behave like a fooli
APC is enemy of Nigeria says Atiku
Buhari
Nigeira has been divided from its creation....
A prosperous Nigeria is a possibility only if we have ideological politicians The current Nigeria political
Atiku’s departure a big loss to APC Rochas Okorocha
Bashir Hammadada Kidnapped by Unknown Masked Men in kaduna on Friday. #FindBashirHammadada.
Sir. you believe in power simple
APC is enemy of PDP Nigeria Atiku alleges
NEWS FLASH Ex-VP Atiku Abubakar asks PDP to focus on sacking a govt that deceived Nigerians to get power
with what was display yesterday the governors of the party you once work for would not allow
Atiku exit from APC is a big blow Okorocha
Former Vice-President Atiku Abubakar has taken sides with the Senior Pastor of the Daystar Christian Centre Sam A
come and rescue us PLSS...#ANWSER_OUR_CALL 2019 #FB
no spoil the game pls.karka bata rawan da stalls
Atiku’s exit not good for APC says Okorocha
Ex-VP Atiku Abubakar Says APC is the enemy of Nigerians
PDP an watse taro Convention lafiya. Muna jira muga na Maja ranar da igiyar Tsintsiya zata kwance ta Watse 😀😀😀😀😀
Now i see more reasons why PMB will always play lips service while handsman continu
I don't think they'd be able to tackle Atiku as strongly as they would want to because some former PD
for someone who has a very active twitter account you spew a lot of lies out there o. You need
All of you are deluded.. all you care about is the idiotic politics and sharing the mone
He can afford it I don't see anything wrong with that.
Atiku remember u are part of the lying machine,because u are unable to achieve ur selfish ambition U jump boat again
NigeriaNewsdesk APC is the enemy of Nigerians Ex-VP Atiku Abubakar via todayng
Carried on my mentor coming 2019 election
2019 Foundation mobilising to purchase ticket for Atiku Chairman
2019 Foundation mobilising to purchase ticket for Atiku Chairman
😂😂
APC is the enemy of Nigerians Ex-VP Atiku Abubakar via todayng
APC enemy of PDP Nigeria Atiku Former Vice President of Nigeria Atiku Abubakar has
Why is this guy suddenly innocently tweeting now that election is in view..hiss!!
"APC enemy of PDP Nigeria Atiku
Atiku Reveals How He Stopped Obasanjo From Becoming Mugabe In Nigeria
Nomadic personality
Atiku’s exit not good for APC says Okorocha
APC is enemy of PDP Nigeria Atiku alleges
_Rayyan we are tired of Hearing slogans "power nor Change".
Sir from my opinion I understand you know Nigeria very well Come 2019 if you are pick as presidential cand
HAUSHIN BAKIN KARE BAYA HANA KURA SHIGA GARI. #ADAWA DAI YANZU MUKA FARA IN BAZA KA IYA BA KA #SAUKA KAWAI.
Congrats my chairman.
Nice letter Mr Atiku.......but for the privatisation aspect I believed you F""up badly because so many inno
Read Atiku’s Makes Speech At PDP Convention After His Move
A bird of the same Felder's.
APC is the enemy of Nigerians Ex-VP Atiku Abubakar
APC is the enemy of Nigerians Ex-VP Atiku Abubakar via
Atiku reacts to Pastor Sam Adeyemi’s opinion on #EndSARS
Atiku reacts to Pastor Sam Adeyemi’s opinion on #EndSARS
Atiku reacts to Pastor Sam Adeyemi’s opinion on #EndSARS
Atiku reacts to Pastor Sam Adeyemi’s opinion on #EndSARS
Hmmmnnn Nigerian politician!!!!
Home?
If only you had one before Most of us know you as a wonderer and as a wayfarer Allah Ya kiyaye hanya nan gaba.
making way for a better nigeria PDP
"APC is enemy of PDP Nigeria Atiku alleges
Funny but its the reality
Great one
I don't even know what we have in kaduna state Is the Man a Governor or Councilor Can't differentiate.
Atiku to PDP APC enemy of our party Nigeria
Atiku to PDP APC enemy of our party Nigeria
Atiku will unseat Buhari Omokri
Atiku exit from APC is a big blow Okorocha
Atiku reacts to Pastor Sam Adeyemi’s opinion on #EndSARS
APC is enemy of PDP Nigeria Atiku alleges
Atiku reacts to Pastor Sam Adeyemi’s opinion on #EndSARS
I've just posted a new blog Atiku reacts to Pastor Sam Adeyemi’s opinion on #EndSARS
Atiku APC is PDP Nigeria’s enemy #News #Nigeria
PHOTO Atiku And Goodluck Jonathan Shares A Hug At The PDP Convention
PHOTO Atiku And Goodluck Jonathan Shares A Hug At The PDP Convention
2019 presidency Why Buhari will defeat Atiku even in his home Braimoh
God bless you guys regards to Adamu sheriff
_madu _Traffic Pls define "we cos i'm not among or are you?
2019 presidency Why Buhari will defeat Atiku even in his home Braimoh
Atiku's reply to I GO DIE was really a nice piece and it goes to show who has the heart of the youths in terms of e
Where is the obsession sir Atiku is news presently He decamped from APC just a couple of weeks ago &amp was re-admit
Some of us don’t even want any of them APC or PDP (same people crossing carpets at their convenience).
Atiku congratulates Secondus says APC is enemy of Nigeria
PDP it's time to stay focus and let everyone be a team player United you will stand and divided we fall I see PD
2019 PDP must remain united to defeat mis-governing lying APC Atiku “It takes a united
Can anything good come from Nazareth Can anything good come out of PDP If something good can com
Atiku Congratulates Uche Secondus For Emerging PDP National Chairman
Corruption meet stilling
Atiku Congratulates Uche Secondus For Emerging PDP National Chairman
Oh my God You are not abusing but the persons in the picture Very disappointing _abdul
_B E go do you like jazz
#abubakaratiku #allprogressivescongress #apc #formermilitarypresident
Bunch of thieves can't change the country we left for you for 16yr without changes but milking our national treasury
[News Update 2019 PDP must remain united to defeat mis-governing lying APC Atiku Buy
Okorocha Atiku’s departure a big loss to APC attacks Tinubu
congratulations Sir Power to the people!
I pray he is chosen as a Vice for Atiku election that is the only way this woul
Abi!
REPOST Convention Jonathan #Atiku blast APC
Atiku’s exit not good for APC says Tinubu is a 'busy body crying more than the bereaved
Indeed there is no place as home May this home be provide a formidable platform to give APC a good run for
Aunty Eloho thank you so much o really appreciate it Hmmm you scarce pass Atiku these days.
Atiku’s exit not good for APC says Okorocha
[News Update APC is enemy of PDP Nigeria Atiku alleges Click to buy quality Corporate
2019 PDP must remain united to defeat mis-governing lying APC Atiku
2019 PDP must remain united to defeat mis-governing lying APC Atiku
If picks the ticket it shows PDP had no candidate from the north for 2019 before now as
2019 PDP must remain united to defeat mis-governing lying APC Atiku
All the best my one time v.p and my prospective president...
Yes sir,,, all we need now is you
Gundiri who are you to make such a statement Or have you written the results already?
Wannan Kam!!
Nigeria never worked under 16yrs of PDP reign Give us cogent reasons why u will be different from others D
Atiku APC is PDP Nigeria’s enemy READ MORE
What Atiku others must know about Buhari and 2019 Top politician Gundiri
_Traffic We are still respectful na....it's our african cultur
others must know that no Nigerian can defeat in 2019 Gundiri speaks Read more:
Heard d guy is finding it difficult to feed He wants his corrupt bosses to come into power so h
_cellinus Funny thing is they both think crazy big Massive projects all round
Atiku APC Is PDP Nigeria’s Enemy
_Traffic I fail to see you as a true representation of the you
Is just like ABACHA and is just like DIEZANI just that they haven't gotten access to our treasury
Welcome back His Excellency!
PDP Must Rescue Nigeria From APC’s Bad Governance Atiku
Atiku’s Exit Not Good For APC Okorocha
How do you CHANGE THE CHANGE Nigeria politics and Cruel leaders you all din and feast together. T
I don't think Pdp have learn their lesson
Atiku will unseat Buhari Omokri
Dear please let's work together to deliver this nation from all Rot waiting for your feedback. Regards
As much as I want PMB to go I'm tempted to unfollow you hope your boss is not in on this?
Okorocha ‘Atiku is a heavyweight politician his defection bad for APC’ Gov says
Dear please am not interested in your party Exco but please give us a viable candidate thank you CC
I got a question for sir if you don't win the presidential seat is it back again to APC
good day sir i am one of your strong supporters who wants to see that you become president of our great nati
Welcome home Sir... Come to Bauchi and show us love
_JAGs
That's my man
Pls be specific in what you want H.E to do you are generalizing your concerns.
I will only vote come 2019 if picks you as his runnin
If you care about youths as you claim 👉sponsore one to contest for the office of the presidency of the feder
They didn't matter but PDP regret for not carrying the
departure a big loss to Says as He blasts
The problem is Atiku is running under the platform of PDP as bad as APC is its still way better than 16 years of PDP rule
. asks to focus on sacking a govt that got power ‘through deceit via
He has been a good and long time prostitute Unstable as the Sea No integrity He is just desperate to rule.
2019 Atiku’s departure sad for APC Tinubu crying more than the bereaved Okorocha
Atiku asks PDP to focus on sacking a govt that got power ‘through deceit TheCable
The PDP this evening in a nutshell How Atiku’s lofty rhetoric will square with this reality remains to be seen
Atiku's departure a big loss to APC Says Okorocha as He blasts Tinubu
Will they not come to the South West for campaign They will beg tha
Wishful thinking!!!
2019 Atiku’s departure sad for APC Tinubu crying more than the bereaved Okorocha
APC Is PDP Nigeria’s Enemy-Atiku
So many homes... 2023 we would see you in another home sir!!
😂😂😂👍
let's change D change.
Please how funny do that sound to you burn the brooms in 2019 When your convention looks like ATM queue.
Atiku will unseat Buhari Omokri
yes sir!
This one is coming from where?
ICYMI 2019 Election Atiku tells PDP members to remain united #News #Nigeria
Rochas Okorocha reacts to Atiku’s departure from APC Attacks Tinubu
has to reach out to all contestants time to heal the wound and forge a common front has com
Atiku says APC enemy of PDP Nigeria READ MORE
His Excellency Alhaji Atiku Abubarkar,by the grace of Almighty God
APC is Nigeria PDP’s enemy says Atiku
Who's talking about ? God punish my generation if I think of supporting him He's been there as VP
APC Is PDP Nigeria’s Enemy-Atiku
Very true Please there should bring back our corruption and take their change PDP is ready to CHANGE the CHANGE
yes.. He will democratically unseat the tyrant Bt wait... Who is the tyrant sef??
Atiku to PDP The Enemy Of Our Party Nigeria Is APC Atiku
2019 ELECTION Ex-VP Atiku Abubakar hails Uche Secondus emergence as PDP national chairman
2019 Atiku’s departure sad for APC Tinubu crying more than the bereaved Okorocha
Lolz Please don't make me laugh Is like you have suffering running in your vains
Favor you ke You must sink together
Yes oh We are solidly behind you #iamAtinukated #AtikuNationCRS
One of d most ridiculous debates is d comparison bw and Mr President One is a proven problem solver la e
The replies is
2019:Atiku will unseat Buhari Omokri
Merry Christmas To All Our Proudly Deplorables #MAGA #MNGA
Atiku APC is PDP Nigeria’s enemy
Atiku APC is PDP Nigeria’s enemy
Atiku asks PDP to focus on sacking a govt that got power ‘through deceit
2019:Atiku will unseat Buhari Omokri
Have you been appointed SA on the new Chairman to condemn politicking Is it not obtainable in APC?
In as much as I would want a young person to be the next president I still prefer to buhari anytime anyday
One love pdp one Nigerian
There is different between a farmer and business man educated and un
Being in charge is different from who dictates what will happen Obj Buhari dictating while Atiku Osibanjo is in
Negatively spoken?Search your conscience.
We are technically out of recession see how healthy these four legged citizens of FGN look even PMB can't k
_D _nomso
I love
_ll And none of them have been investigated by the anti g
always sayin the truth
Okorocha tackles Tinubu on automatic ticket for Buhari says Atiku leaving APC is not good
APC Enemy of PDP Nigeria Atiku
Is oh okay
Atiku lost his chances of presidency in 2019 when he returned to PDP He should have formed a new party or so For
Akpabio’s face is what you should be seeing...😂
am voluntarily volunteering myself to b part of your campaign team against 2019 election 1 av tasted emplo
Sir I stand with you Today and always
NigeriaNewsdesk Ex-VP Atiku Abubakar hails Uche Secondus emergence as PDP national chairman
The present government is not a saint either They have so many skele
2019 Atiku’s departure sad for APC Tinubu crying more than the bereaved Okorocha
2019 Atiku’s departure sad for APC Tinubu crying more than the bereaved Okorocha
Atiku says APC enemy of PDP Nigeria #News [Sleekarena News
Ex-VP Atiku Abubakar hails Uche Secondus emergence as PDP national chairman via todayng
2019
Atiku says he stopped OBJ from becoming another Mugabe No problem but we (masses are also ready to stop you fro
_Ovox Pls.Mr Sam don't misinterprete my words,I didn't said
Can see someone that resembles Buhari in the crowd
Hello Refusal to return Nigeria to what was agreed by the founding fathers is slavery in a way Do you bel
a better evil than
It's a great lie ten thousand Atiku can not unseat PMB If Omokri will agree with me Atiku will not
Hello Refusal to return Nigeria to what was agreed by the founding fathers is slavery in a way Do you,
Ex-VP Atiku Abubakar hails Uche Secondus emergence as PDP national chairman
Ex-VP Atiku Abubakar hails Uche Secondus emergence as PDP national chairman via
Atiku will unseat Buhari Omokri
Would like to know why you left your home in the first place?remember at every age Family is KING
They actually needed his money badly Goodluck to them
It's true tell APC who decided to punish south east for not voting them.
Point
_madu _Traffic Keep the hope alive bro...one day our Messiah will come.
_deen I wonder how seriously
will unseat
Okorocha 'Atiku is a heavyweight politician his defection bad for APC' Gov says Spice
Comedy at it best!
‘Atiku’s Exit Is Not The Best For APC Okorocha Admits
Atiku will unseat Buhari Omokri
I will never vote for Atiku because he is too desperate for power and he has a revenge to play No to dipo too coz
At this rate moving back to the Nigeria Customs Services will not be out of place.
_madu _Traffic I will lose hope in this nation if Atiku wins
_madu _Traffic But this option is better than old option unless something happen.
If Atiku becomes the president of this country Nigeria then A—ti—ku 🤦🏾‍♀️🤷🏾‍♀️
Congratulations Sir for a successful convention I'm so glad it went well Sir.
Okorocha 'Atiku is a heavyweight politician his defection bad for APC' Gov says
Okorocha tackles Tinubu on automatic ticket for Buhari says Atiku leaving APC is not good for the party Imo gover
Okorocha tackles Tinubu on automatic ticket for Buhari says Atiku leaving APC is not good for the party
PDP for 16yrs show us one tangible thing they did in the nation To crown it all atiku Is your aspi
has made it so difficult for to sew Asho Ebi,making to go and
Okorocha 'Atiku is a heavyweight politician his defection bad for APC' Gov says
You will still look for another home when this is on fire... Gida biyu maganin gobara
Shameless The Weekend
Yes Baba we need only you
‘Atiku’s Exit Is Not The Best For APC Okorocha Admits
@_miiari Lol exactly
You will know if you are truly home if Nigerians vote you,...I dont see that happening....not wit the current indic
[News Update Atiku will unseat Buhari Omokri Spice up your sex life with Adult Sex Toy
10million....SR is a big moron.
😏
Very well articulated Sir
APC is the Enemy of Nigerians Atiku declares
Sorry sir 🙏 I pray the tenure favour us all
2019 Atiku’s departure sad for APC Tinubu crying more than the bereaved Okorocha
_madu _Traffic Next time put shit... Same old shit same old shit Imagin
2019 presidency Why Buhari will defeat Atiku even in his home Braimoh
'Atiku's Exit Is Not The Best For APC Okorocha Admits
Nigeria under PMB recorded two landmark achievements in just one week PMB visited his farm in Daura and PYO
But why did you leave
Congratulations to Secondus
Atiku’s exit not good for APC says Okorocha
Naija Youths for .
I think Atiku wanted to say APC is the obstacle to his ambition.
Fani-Kayode reacts to emergence of Secondus Atiku’s speech
New post Rochas Okorocha reacts to Atiku’s departure from APC Attacks Tinubu
Why are you guys so obsessed about Atiku Every conversation about Bu
But the party need a reform like to sars.
_at_work I dun support since
Atiku to PDP The enemy of our party Nigeria is APC Atiku
Waziri Adamawa welcome back home to the party u help build
Congrats to the newly elected Chairman Secondus.
congratulates Uche Secondus and the new exco urges leaders and members of PDP to close rank
Politics is a lie NoOneIsLoyal anymore The only governance i trust is the DAO
(2019 Atiku's exit not good for APC Okorocha
The man in the right corner
Hw `bout dos of us who lov u alone bt hate 2 b asociatd wit d PDP no thnx 4 us kenan I sincerly promis 2
FYI IBB Atiku hold secret meeting in Minna #News #Nigeria
Allah ya baka kasarga darajar Manzon Allah
Where are you time without number an igbo man was arrested tying to bomb church Look every
Congratulations to pdp
New post Atiku to PDP The enemy of our party Nigeria is APC Atiku
_ll You're an idiot Has any court indicted Atiku before.
The law says "innocent until proven guilty" If we have no proof against then we need to give every candidate the opportunity
We r happy it finally happened ..PDP is the only party in Nigeria
I'm not a prophet,i don't know how sun set,i don't av capacity to see d future,but I'm sure of 1, is comn back strong
2019 Atiku’s Departure Is BAD MARKET For APC ..But Tinubu Should Stop Crying More Than
let's help this man
_Traffic True Nigerians generally have a short term memory Truth be t
Atiku Abubakar eating rice without meat with the poor masses He is even taking pure water see humility
Just like that No proof
Uche Secondus PDP National Chairman Nyesom Wike PDP National Leader Ayo Fayose PDP National Wailer A
have you see how humble is Let play back 2011 or 2014 Things wldn't av gone dis bad if
Okorocha tackles Tinubu on automatic ticket for Buhari says Atiku leaving APC is not good
How you people's can change this change? with what? I don't think PDP will rule this country again
Akpabio be like 'look atew which home are you talking about? 😂😂😂
sah It takes a humble responsible an incorruptible President to do this This is the man we trust our Pr
Many prominent leaders have disappoint Nigeria in fact we don't known who to trust any more..by fake politi
Congratulations
Atiku’s exit not good for APC says Okorocha
God bless you jare
If I had the opportunity to advice he should run for president with a VP running mate from the south west He needs the SW vote
2019 Atiku’s departure sad for APC Tinubu crying more than the bereaved Okorocha
_ll Was any of them proven guilty beyond all reasonable doubts Atiku GEJs men and almo
You have started campaigning before INEC had released time table Just for the same poo of many yea
Keep dreaming You loquacious FFK Nigeria and Nigerians will patiently wait for President Buhari t
_ll Should I pardon your ignorance or I should treat you as the Ignorant fellow you are?
_official _Davido __idibia Our young people n
_madu _Traffic I bet it you are not.. Because you will still vote the sam
2019 campaign has taken off Atiku abubakar defection hasten it If you can ranch your livestock while all
Lol
Long before his vice presidency was financially settled Thus it is not a surprise he is rich MONEY attracts MONEY.
_official _Davido __idibia Nigeria on the oth
#Naija is the country of _official _Davido __idibia bobsled team,
Hmm.. and some fucked up youths come out to fight for these folks
Even subsidy removal in the petroleum sector was also work in progress of the PDP under GEJ aft al
Favour you or Nigerian at large?
Sir if the youths can be carried along and welfare programs and job creation are put in place come
2019 Atiku’s departure sad for APC Tinubu crying more than the bereaved Okorocha
_okorocha Follow him quick Your statues is affecting the party too.
2019 presidency Why Buhari will defeat Atiku even in his home Braimoh
[News Update 2019 Atiku’s departure sad for APC Tinubu crying more than the bereaved Okorocha
Okorocha tackles Tinubu on automatic ticket for Buhari says Atiku leaving APC is not good for the party
Okorocha tackles Tinubu on automatic ticket for Buhari says Atiku leaving APC is not good for the party
We have been blessed with farmers (except as Presidents in this Republic yet we can'
What Nigeria needs today is a totally detribalised president to mend our fractured relationship and somehow fits the path
Opinion Thou shall not underrate Atiku.. By Simon Kolawole
U said that we abuse our freedom We don't just abuse our freedom even though we abuse it I think is the government that cause it
Thou shall not underrate Atiku by Simon Kolawole
It would have been better if you never left Nevertheless welcome back
Atiku in warm embrace with Jonathan and Sambo (Photos -
Boohoo to London to see the queen
In fact can we point out one particular crime (with proof of that make us say he cannot or doesn't deserve to be president?
"5 and 97 do not add up to 100% 7 takeaways from Atiku’s PDP convention speech -
Thanks for the facts Happy to see the achievements listed as being the APC trying to ta
Okorocha tackles Tinubu on automatic ticket for Buhari says Atiku leaving APC is not good
The he election of Uche Seconds as chairman means that the East will not get president or vice.
That being said I have one question I will like to ask fellow Nigerians what is the crime of abubakar?
_Traffic These pictures were delightfully charming in 2015 But now it only re
Atiku should not be an option why should we keep recycling people Is leadership only for their generation
Governor _okorocha reveals how ’s defection from is affecting the party Read more:
Thou Shall Not Underrate Atiku
2019 presidency Why Buhari will defeat Atiku even in his home Braimoh
Really You believe in Nigeria That why you guys often say when you guys need the vote of the people.
Yes no one came out because we don't know if ur president we tell the SARS to
_danfulani
[News Update 2019 presidency Why Buhari will defeat Atiku even in his home Braimoh Sp
Don’t want to have to choose between Atiku and Buhari Is there no other party KOWA Someone Anyone.
Haba ,God is watching you
It happen anywhere in the world even current American president Donald trump also carpet Cross from Democra
Fani-Kayode reacts to emergence of Secondus Atiku’s speech
How can a country that has Prof Yemi Oshibajo Aliko Dangote Tony Elumelu Donald Duke Fola Adeola Peter Obi Philip
Fani-Kayode reacts to emergence of Secondus Atiku’s speech
I no u have the power to #ENDSARS If u can do it for the youth our votes are for u sir Sars are killing us b
2019 presidency Why Buhari will defeat Atiku even in his home Braimoh
Not only
Maradona eh eh maradona miii
PHOTOS Atiku Abubakar Rocks N1 Million Louis Vuitton Shoes To PDP Convention
PHOTOS Atiku Abubakar Rocks N1 Million Louis Vuitton Shoes To PDP Convention
_enterpren _LAW Why?
Up up baba buhari inshaa Allah
Chairman of Association of Nigerian Looters... Allah shi tarwasar da ku.. Amin ya Rabbi
Atiku akwai Juriya da Jajircewa... sai dai kash tsallen Kwado yana yi ne kacokan don Kansa Kadai !!!🤔
2019 presidency Why Buhari will defeat Atiku even in his home Braimoh
Wike made that possible I'm just watching this party with keen interest
His competence Growing fruits vegetables and keeping cattle... Oh no!!! As #NigeriaDecides2019 approaches fri
I bet you sir if you are not given the presidential ticket in pdp you will defect to APDA Because defection is in your blood.
You won my heart when u disagreed with ur boss on continuous tenure so it isn't a bad idea to give ua trial.
I Regret Rift With Obasanjo But I Did The Right Thing Atiku Abubakar
When Atiku becomes the President of Nigerian
this is the vomit you returned back to.. You can't become president sir Nigerians are becoming wiser and more informed
I Regret Rift With Obasanjo But I Did The Right Thing Atiku Abubakar
Atiku No Nigerian Can Defeat Buhari APC Chieftain
Those of you catching feelings over this Atiku and PDP stuff are the funniest.
Masha Allah
Hahahaha.... Dem no fit change their wuruwuru ways... Awon asiere somebody
It will be a very big disaster to allow return to power in 2019 in particular.

You did not apologise for looting the nation for 16years Nigerians already knows that pdp is fraud Imagine
_mrbranding I disagree with the phrase "the only man ... There's more to leadership than social media.
You have my vote already this government is a disaster no enabling environment for young en
pls don't waste ur time...you can defeat PMB.
Will u keep quiet didinrin oshi.
Makarfi Begs Atiku To Help PDP Win In 2019
I love the manner APC and it's online soldiers are subtly campaigning for and No publicity is bad publicity!!!
Congratulations chairman
GEJ the only politician and past president with zero bitter mind I observe u sir
Ode.. Ant brain💯
Dem wan change d change.. Hahahaha i laff Una pocket don dey dry ni... D one wey una chop ne
lmao
I so much respect you sir for your courage in the face of tyranny I respect you sir I wish to mee
was he planning to make a statue for Atiku too?
Fam if it's just Buhari vs Atiku in 2019 who u voting in Let me know the unfortunate ones of this app
Am not voting for any motherfucker said Nigerians problem is his problem now we the Nigerians sai
Back to your vomit more like
Is Atiku Oyegun Comr Adams Peter Odili also in attendance
I just imagine what the headlines of newspapers would look like if didnt give the presidency
You do not blame the conductor but the driver VP is just like a spare tyre in any administration.
“Abacha yace zai zarce ya zarce Obasanjo ya ce zai zarce ya zarce?” Toh wllh bazanyi kaffara ba Atiku ba zai ci
To God be the glory
Solid point PDP winning would be really difficult APC has govt money plus their propaganda machine.
Nigerians shud ask dis questin;"Y is it only atiku dat meks it to d genral elections against d wshes of d in
REPOST Nigeria looses 3 million jobs a year under APC Atiku

_elvis Go and see other responses from Team they are organized and great too
U and him we go to Ghana
Able shaaiiiirrrrr
Instead of the young Nigerians who don’t think Buhari is working and want him out to collectively find another opti
Gumun Karshe!
As you celebrate their victory may Allah swt shows you the day when people are cheers and celebrate your own victory,
Were they not better fed before Thank God PMB does not own any oil bloc like Atiku dem.
We need leader not LOOTER.
Those of you handling pages on social media are doing an awesome job this team is badde
No wonder u allow your fellow fulani scumbags to to commit so many atrocities in the country Stupid presi
Wow
Wallahi karyane😫
Fact speak.Simple analysis here At low oil price reserve is higher than when PDP was selling at $120 This is desp
Ya
You're all deceiving yourselves
_Muntaqa Speak d TRUTH even against yourself that is what ppl of Faith are known fo
Atiku Embraces Jonathan Says Its Good To Be Back Home Ex-Vice President _Traffic
Fani-Kayode Reacts To Emergence Of Secondus Atiku’s Speech
Fani-Kayode Reacts To Emergence Of Secondus Atiku’s Speech
I wonder wat u call an election &amp hopefully u won't decamp wen d tide those nt turn in your favor Our grea
Yes Sir I agree with U Let's tidy the home This time with clean brooms.
Whoever has this epic sub should just come and carry it our incoming president has spoken Great Speech
Very funny you So is now automatically a bad egg now cos he left
JAB: As members of d PDP we've a lot to be proud of. We made mistakes but we put our nation first. We did not fa
So has given the presidential ticket conducted the election voted
Atiku
Atiku’s exit not good for APC says Okorocha
Consistence is good especially when it's translated to focus....he looks inconsistent because of f
God forbid.. Sia baba forever
Go tell that to someone who has lost his /her job or have a good job under this hopeless adm
Corruption hugging corruption ➕
APC Promised 3 Million New Jobs a Year Ended Up Losing 3 Million Jobs a Year Atiku
Atiku Just wow.
So Nigeria was a paradise before 1999 Some of you have simply out
Guess u meant APC
Yes Atiku could win a few votes for APC but he is too ambitious to keep as a friend He would betray u at d least opportunity
Together we can make Nigeria great again ATIKULATE Nigeria
'Atiku will democratically unseat the tyrant Muhammadu Buhari in 2019 Reno Omokri
Congratulations Mr Secondus This is a Masterstroke and winning formula SW gets the VP Position and the Waz
Atiku’s exit not good for APC says Okorocha
Your loan deal at had expired.. You're back to your parent club...
Atiku No Nigerian Can Defeat Buhari APC Chieftain May thunder fire you if he doesn't live forever...oloshi!
Sir he will congratulate you too very soon
I can't build any trust on any of you but hope for the best for my country Nigeria
Atiku’s Defection a Vote of No Confidence On APC Govt Ekweremadu
Congratulations to prince uche and entire PDP members
should we let the worst disaster in history of Nigeria apart from the civil war in the person continue?
Congrats Oga Secondus
going through your bio here on twitter i saw you are a philanthropist i am in a deep financial mess right n
Burn it down.
Atiku’s grouse APC’s sneer
With Secondus Atiku is at the mercy of Wike and Fayose His ambition is dead on arrival Wike retired GEJ and IBB
Rightly so my president to be.. The national leader in a nationalist party.. PDP!!!
A Nigeria for all
Politricksians
yes he is right..business not the government. But we need a working system in place
Amen Thanks.
You only have vote an your opinion means nothing effects nothing and influence nothing,.
Thanks.
Atiku could tweet about Arsenal draw now &amp his fans will use that tweet as a basis to endorse him for 2019 based on that tweet.
EXCLUSIVE Battle For 2019 Begins As Wike 10 PDP Governors Dump Atiku Endorse An Ex-Governor For President Fayo
EXCLUSIVE Battle For 2019 Begins As Wike 10 PDP Governors Dump Atiku Endorse An Ex-Governor For President Fayo
EXCLUSIVE Battle For 2019 Begins As Wike 10 PDP Governors Dump Atiku Endorse An Ex-Governor For President Fayo
#PDPConvention2017 Atiku congratulate Secondus ,others
Thank you for agreeing that has failed Nigerians and simply don't want to a part of it.
Atiku Reveals How He Stopped Obasanjo From Becoming Mugabe In Nigeria Former vice
Atiku political prostitute
Are you for real Are you thinking for yourself or the have changed your brain Read your tw
Am just praying that PDP make you serial defector 'Atiku it's presidential flag bearer so that my amiable
I don't believe in the Nigeria where government assets are sold "concession/privatise to few privileged elites
“How APC Promised and Failed Atiku Delivers Powerful Address at PDP National Convention
_akin1 Thank God you know Nigerians don't trust PDP I wish you well.
But sir how you expect us to take your words seriously when you don't take your words serio
#PDPConvention2017 Atiku congratulate Secondus ,others
Atiku No Nigerian Can Defeat Buhari APC Chieftain
Politics is indeed a game unforeseen strings 💪🏾🇳 #youthparty #2023 #campaign
And he still changed camps If he was happy wt d 16yrs and still changed camps then hmmmm It was 16yrs visionless yrs
before election help people to get the money for that fgnagricultural loan before election and you will get our vote we promise you
Simple logic 👇 Atiku is beyond redemption
U need to rebrand urselves U still look like a bunch of thieves Only diff is u seem hungrier...
Lawl
What have you tweeted?
He knows that you can read that's why he tweeted all these facts but he doesn't know is that you can't think.
if you want us to believe in you sir that you want this country to move forward then we want you to do something helpful
hmmmmm.... We'll always remember the activities between 99 n now.. Your party should be pup (p
The PDP is back stronger better and determined It's time to hit the ground running... 2019!
Is your PMB a young person Start thinking for yourself and stop letting others do your thinking for you.
I want well meaning #Nigerians to ask some fundamental questions especially of his contributions to Nigeria
You are a disgrace
HOME for looters #PDPConvention Total No of Accredited Voters =2115 Total No of Votes Cast =2296 #Crooked men😂😂
Welcome sir i enjoyed your speech at the convention. 100 with you all the way to Aso rock you are the chosen ONE.
God bless Atiku May God give PDP the grace to restore Nigeria
This one goes out to those of you who fight for politicians While you may still be nursing the wounds and/or keepi
,how will change the change when you've already be elected before the convention Day PDP ticket to #Atiku is a waste.
Atiku Bagudu appears to be a nice man Freely mixing up with people Might have just asked him some few questions about The Rice Revolution.
I think you meant “your president”
So has suddenly become redeemable after u alluded to the fact that it's beyond redemption?
Atiku’s exit not good for APC says Okorocha Decries Tinubu’s comments on automatic
So long as he is will to share the money he will have the support of the youth
Oga why now power is not by force
Read Atiku’s Makes Speech At PDP Convention After His Move
If you miss it now I do not see you coming back after another four years or probably winnin
Weather says or not Nigeria is working under the good leadership of president baba buhari &amp under the good
Sir you are a political prostitute
Atiku Reveals How He Stopped Obasanjo From Becoming Mugabe In Nigeria
The drama of the absurd is playing out as scripted
I'm mad that your social media team know what they're doing
It's a lie because you supported IPOB and Biafra.
_Eteobong What is 25%? We cant take anything less than 60 from anyone who wants the youths to come all out to vote
The 16 years we governed this nation we did not favour only states that voted for us &amp punish those that did not."
Cc
_Suave No show for Atiku in SW says who?
PDP never still knows what caused their downfall in 2015
_Suave Atiku should be okay with 500k votes in Kano So 1.5m is bad for Buhari Thats 400k reduction
Atiku if i were you I will be so ashame to make comments publicly I will rather be no mute mode
I think you have to take this upon yourself and be at the top of the situation by ensuring p
am not so sure u will win but would have won in a heartbeat He's a man after my own heart
But as a VP during #OBJ you were busy looting
is proof that you should never ever think for a second that politician will go to heaven They are all brot
Atiku’s Exit Not Good For APC Says Okorocha
Just like u did up till 2.5years ago i suppose Trust me sir this is 2017 only &amp tribal ethnic bigots fo
Okay you'll have more critical assessme
In the absence of any other credible candidate I will really love to see you become the president and also
We're still laughing!! Politicians say and do anything to get to power and start to make a turn!! We are watching
_chidi I can see that you are one the YOUTH who sell their GENERATION to this OLD politicians for today's porridge.
Atiku’s exit not good for APC says Okorocha
You agreed that 'change'was needed to wrestle power off a selfless working president
Bros I can pinpoint several impute is making to Nigeria and Nigerians as VP
Atiku reacts to Secondus emergence as PDP’s National Chairman
sir what has changed

Welcome back home
We can never sacrifice prof Osinbajo for Fayose we believe in VP than g
is not accessable to the right people so how can he be president come 2019 Nigeria wiseup pls
Nomadic politician...l would like to write a paper on "Nomadic Politics Running from Pillar to P
"The APC promised three million new jobs a year In Government the APC has lost us three million jobs a year. "APC
We belive in nigeria We believe in you.
Like seriously?
He will make a better change to your pocket
,please tell us how you performed as a VP during your tenure and how you will make a change as president when elected.
always making sense
Actually i must say u have the agility the capacity the influence the actions and brain to rule this cou
PDP magic They have done it again Total vote cast 2296 Total accredited voters 2115.
i dont think Atiku is ready to be president of nigeria come 2019.
One thing is certain all these old politicians only care about their personal aggrandisement Th
Welcome back home
PDP has already lost SW now and north can not leave buhari for Atiku u can see the cal
Buhari at kano shows that no one can win kano over buhari atiku others becarefull buhari pass you,is not your mate
[🇳 IS PRESENTLY A CONSTRUCTION SITE #WhereIsTheChange 👉From the North to the South West to the East the APC-le
Atiku Abubakar Rocks N1 Million Louis Vuitton Shoes To PDP Convention
_JAGs Mtcheww these people sha!!!
Well said !!
Joke of the year from leading comedian Reno
Peep Sen Akpabio Looking At Atiku Like Who's This One Fooling
Birds of a feather flock together Looters will forever identify themselves
_Reformer Maybe PDP has been redeemed now.
#Nigeria
Past experience
Both APC and PDP has nothing to offer to change the face of things in the c
Atiku of PDP As you see this people in kano prove that buhari is the man of people love by the people and elected
Atiku No Nigerian Can Defeat Buhari APC Chieftain
_org Hmmmm
_jold Everybody has a price especially in this super corrupt country probably they are not
Allah ya tai maki alhaji atiku abubakar amin
I don't hate u sir but this is not fair now,,, Hausa man is already President and another Hausa man want to
We keep talking about the youths taking over governance Bankole was as a speaker Ffk was as a minister.
you are fit to be president of rooters and not Nigeria president stop deceiving yourself
FFK should feature in the night of a thousand laughs he is so funny😂😂😂
and what exactly did that old sick man do for u apart from making u look more ugly
Atiku’s 2019 Presidency Ibrahim Babangida Raises Alarm Rubbishes Media Reports Sets The Record Straight Once And
Atiku’s 2019 Presidency Ibrahim Babangida Raises Alarm Rubbishes Media Reports Sets The Record Straight Once And
Atiku’s 2019 Presidency Ibrahim Babangida Raises Alarm Rubbishes Media Reports Sets The Record Straight Once And
It's crazy how atiku still has supporters all over Nigeria his movement between 2 parties is disgusting to say the
I agree with you and I would want to vote for you All the same I advise you focus on convincing us about yo
The pursue of Public good greater good National growth and development will be suspended in exchange for election
Amen oooo
Atiku No Nigerian Can Defeat Buhari APC Chieftain
Uche Secondus is an upright man that dont take bribe therefore PDP is heading to the right direction
Ooohhh now I understand!! So charity begins at home.. Too late 😁😁😁😁😂😂😂😂😂😂
Never Walk alone is for Liverpool any day they walk alone they would be beaten. is an like me
Lol
Amen
And you never make happen under your watch as vp
Lol

Ppl deceive ppl,
This Nation was senseless looted in many sectors in 16 years your party rule there is no infrastructural dev
Dear I Go Dye My legacy as Vice President Atiku Abubakar
Read Atiku’s Makes Speech At PDP Convention After His Move
Atiku Reveals How He Stopped Obasanjo From Becoming Mugabe In Nigeria
Dream on
New update Atiku Abubakar Rocks N1 Million Louis Vuitton Shoes To PDP Convention (Photos
Atiku Abubakar Replies Popular Comedian I Go Dye
If APC is not d answer den dere is no need going back to the instigators atiku was vice for 8years and coul
Atiku
“How APC Promised and Failed Atiku Delivers Powerful Address at PDP National Convention (Full Speech
Atiku we will not accepts any body fromPDP again,they are all thiefs,nex time they will finish this country to the end that we all die down
Sen Akpabio 😂👏🏼👏
Did any body compel you to astray before?
You kept it united while it bled continually financially at the detriment of the common man
So,is it that now you believe in one Nigeria,Because you need something from Nigerians?OK time will tell.
_igodye You made plenty sense here sir yi truly have a true and precise definition of both
bunch of criminals God will not allow looters and vampires like u to rule us again
Atiku’s exit not good for APC says Okorocha
_mrbranding We did say that about the present dispensation our hopes and aspirations in retrospect I w
Baba what would you do differently in 2019 As a youth I ask u if is possible to put an end to contract jobs in Nig?
Atiku Abubakar Rocks N1 Million Louis Vuitton Shoes To PDP Convention (Photos
Hmmmm
Unknown youth should just go and rule his unknown country The only serious person for now is
Atiku’s exit not good for APC says Okorocha Decries Tinubu&amp;rsquo;s comments on automatic ticket for Buhari Peter
"Atiku’s exit not good for APC says Okorocha
#Atikulated Youth sighted at the 2017 elective convention
sir pls if u don't get d PDP ticket in 2019,what will be ur next move,are u joining another party or forming ur own,govs are my fear
Try contesting under and see f i will vote for you talkless of Even you did note vote for
Atiku’s exit not good for APC says Okorocha
Stay and correct what you think was wrong.
you are mad How many people die during APC administration and how many die during PDP?
[News Update Atiku’s exit not good for APC says Okorocha Click to buy quality Corporat
Atiku Abubakar Rocks N1 Million Louis Vuitton Shoes To PDP Convention (Photos
It’s Good To Be Back Home Atiku Abubakar Embraces Goodluck Jonathan #Government_Politics
Atiku’s exit not good for APC says Okorocha
Lmao 😁 Political desperados
Noooo
Baba what would you do differently come 2019 As a youth I ask you if is possible to put an end to contract jobs in Nigeria Thanks.
PHOTOS Atiku Abubakar Rocks N1 Million Louis Vuitton Shoes To PDP Convention
We already know in Nigeria nothing's gonna get better You liars are here for your benefits Moving from one
Frankly I hazard a guess Nigeria space is tired of old songs from Atiku Period
wen ztealing meets kworaption
sir I just finished reading your reply to i go dye's open letter to you and i really loved it one person i
Convention of looters and idiots
Only people that have benefitted bountifully in One Nigeria like Atiku will fall in love with one Nigeria
PDP can't win presidency again and for ever
_S You are free bro
What Nigerians achieve from #faro company or AUN as a project well #Ashakacement etc done more to Nigerians
Sir What will be your next line of action if you don't get the ticket?
Naah I like and respect your outspokenness but you know the one thing you didn't do was putting the nation's interest first
I don't know who to sue for coming to this hell of a country It's good to be home and feed on the country people money
Compare Buhari entering Kano &amp Atiku entering PDP Convention at eagle square Abuja By now it's enough for a wise t
You all are the same
OK oh
Atiku congratulates Secondus
even atiku himself is among those peoples(the looters)
speech ‘Together we shall change the change and burn the brooms in 2019 but you brought this ugly situation on us.
At this convention let us SELECT the very best leaders who truly understand what it means to position the PDP as a
_md Fake smiles 😂
You have gotten a formidable south south/south east counterpart to organise your campaign How about southwe
Mr Atiku Abubaka we need your personal manifesto outside PDP before you can gain access to our votes We d
If these are the people PDP can offer to manage Nigeria come 2019 then Nigerians will be crazy to go back to thei
after spending 16year with out any positive development only stealing government treasury.
only bites were his bread looks buttered pls do not
(2019 Care Foundation mobilising to purchase presidential nomination form for Atiku Chairman -
This will just come here and be lying to us Why can’t you just raise and train a youth to be the leader then instead of YOU!!!
when you are vice president how many you have you employed?
Smh
Done deal We saw it coming!
Sure
I see winning next election The Man is rich and I'm not stupid to believe that he wants power to s
Irresponsible leaders,self-centered bad omen to Nigeria politics
His traducers say wears corruption like a babaringa and I ask you that are my integrity anti corruption pa
Thank you we are inviting u to join us and rescue Nigeria come 2019 we have many capa
Sir good afternoon Pls Read my u request tweet can you assist ur son get a job Am really in need of 1 an
Haha your money speaking
Lol
if you can't put out a plan that you can sell to citizens that is different and attainable please don't eve
Fani Kayode to Atiku We Shall Change The Change and Burn The Brooms in 2019
yes is true
It’s down &amp not dawn indeed!
Remove #Buhari's incumbency #Atiku stand no chance against him.
Atiku with the lost election
It means u will never know home when u see one,u re passing bye jare,ur home is still far we all know u very home
I want to hear your plan for each sector in concrete terms not "I will give quality education or free healthcare fo
Change is only Constant
Atikunised my mentor
_Disu Even when he's among the saboteurs of power generally Mikano generator
You idiot....you that hate northners and Atiku is a northner....so what are you insinuating??....hypocrite!
Fani-Kayode reacts to emergence of Secondus Atiku’s speech
Atiku Abubakar Hnmmm
I have been reading your articles and responses in respect to your interest in #presidency As our potential
Mr Atiku Abubaka why did you abandon PDC for APC I want you to give us 16 reasons why you joined APC and 16
Kindly remember the "LV you wore I want .. The #PDPConvention has been won and lost I await your invite
There is nothing like one Nigeria Nigeria makes people lazy Nigeria only favours the north and the political elite
sir i have been following ur tweets,Facebook posts,comments and interviews since you defected from the APC t
So na now u know abi.....8 years as Halliburton director....what did you achieve...having an intel biz is ur
Unfortunate but Good for our nascent democracy has an equal chance at
Please do some thing wallahi I just got admission into ABU Zaria but I don't have money for registration
This is the country we live in....there isn't a glimpse of hope in this picture
My president to be is talking.
Atiku Abubakar Replies Popular Comedian I Go Dye
I invite him to try.
Awon oniranu meji!
As if Atiku is better than Buhari and co,enslavement of Nigerians abroad are you clean God is not sleeping
He needs the power of foresight and a staying power two qualities you will hardly find in despera
We don't need a president .The country can run itself
Where’s Home?? Mr Desperado
Baba will u keep quiet!!!
Much happy
[OPINION] Thou shall not underrate Atiku -Simon Kolawole
Even the stargazers know Atiku candidacy cannot fly in Nigeria
It's not an option of buhari or Atiku now....I won't vote of anyone of them
Maybe should cross carpet to ZANU PF
[OPINION] Thou shall not underrate Atiku -Simon Kolawole
Honestly sir brooms are already on fire danburanuba Bottomless pit to any broom and it's carrier or carriers
A dead and buried party can't come out of the coffin to do anything You will regret this political suicide by 2019
Sorry Sir you don't have any home you just a typical Nigerian Politician.
Sighhhhh
Switching on dawgs
Grrrrrh
If Atiku is serious about restructuring Then it’s a win win for you and I. the current structure of NI
You'd be surprised what your old party has in store for you They don't forgive or forget.
The way Atiku refers to APC as 'they is amazing.
🐍
Abuja airport Governor Atiku Bagudu unguarded is in the general waiting lounge while his mates oppress from the
Laughable
Nonsense you are only deceiving yourself and your entire idiot you will never in the history of this count
Me I’m a big Atiku fan but he gets no automatic pass from me this time If I’ve learnt anything from 2011 and 2015
We know you have ulterior motives.
_ng We're hungry we're suffering Pls pay our outstanding allowances You have the voice dat we need
_ADENUSI Hw much did Atiku pay to u nd ur family weed is working perfectly wrong in ur head
We need young leaders not people like PMB GEJ nor atiku We are not going to witness second regime of any body again
GMB has performed poorly but is never the man to unseat him Maybe in ur wildest of dreams yes.
I hope the newly elected officials of the ll imediately take the bull by the head by facing the ruling APC head on
Masa!! Stop throwing dust into the eyes the good people of Nigeria You never believe in them Rather you believe
Read Atiku’s Makes Speech At PDP Convention After His Move
Read Atiku’s Makes Speech At PDP Convention After His Move
Looters trying a comeback not possible.
Lol again
My sister tell the shameful man Ooh I no even know who dey deceive this man mstw...
atiku's crosscarpet to PDP is not the solution but his vision for the people...
No way for #Pdpigs
Oh yeah With dead people on "Unity List
You don't want Atiku But Buhari is okay for you You are smart true true.
😂
_B He no free verify acc na
Let me ask straight up question....if what you have in 2019 is Buhari Vs Atiku Who is your choice
criticizes and insults and is in Nja What are you afraid of SAD!!!
Sir does it mean u wanna sack civil servants that recieve the salaries? I remember the past admin had more m
Atiku reacts to Secondus emergence as PDP’s National Chairman
Atiku reacts to Secondus emergence as PDP’s National Chairman
Presidential Hopeful And Former Vice President Atiku Abubakar Rocks N1Million Louis Vuitton Shoes At The PDP Nati..
Who's familiar with this
_adeogun Please how exactly is Atiku a better alternative What are his success stories and laudable antecedents?
My brother it appears we will be stuck btw the Devil and the Deep Blue Sea again as 2015.
That's true I guess But all this apc this and that is just annoying.they are all the same He mig
Cc Good Afternoon Alhaji If you can could help with funds for this kid's treatment Thanks a lot Sir
Voting for is signing my death warrant I better vote for again you don't know what u want
'money and connection is needed to be president and I don't have both Dr Dapo December 9,2017 So I will vote for Atiku
We have a youth in kogi state and the worst governor so far
Fani-Kayode reacts to emergence of Secondus Atiku’s speech
I think it's time someone explained to me why Twitter NG hates so much.
😀😀😀😀 Your greatest political mistake is when you left PDP you should have settled yourself first and later
U are mad for saying Buhari is a tyrant ....its so so foolish of you..yeah agreed freedom of spe
Habu yaga Habu
Atiku pls This other one is a Fulani herdsman with a Law degree.
'S SELECTIVE CONFUSIONS DELEGATES FIGHTING OVER 's USD AND WIKE'S NGN!
AMMMMMMMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEENNNNNNN!!!!! But I dont want the evil APC either.
Sai kayi ko baa poster
Lol
But not Fulani herdsmen Abi?
Sai kai ,ko ba poster insha Allah
Truthfully all PDP has done by sidelining the Sw is shoot themselves in the foot Atiku can never win the north and
They only follow the Unity List already compiled.. Which was why Dokpesi as Prof Adeniran complain
Congratulation Mr Uche Secondus
Atiku Abubakar Rocks N1 Million Louis Vuitton Shoes To PDP Convention (Pics
One of the many lies taught them to tell
The beautiful ones are yet to be born but what will we do when the ugly ones refuse to leave?? We recycle
So what transpired yesterday with that Unity List and the eventual winners at the PDP convention Internal democrac
Yes Sir This is the right time for your return.
Welcome home boss...
Atiku Addressing PDP Members And Supporters At The Elective National Convention
Lol When it was the same PDP that started borrowing money to pay salaries......
_wahsea Oh Oh!
Allah karemana kae
_mrbranding I don't find hopping around attractive and I never believed that he was going to stay with
APC being beyond redemption and PDP's corrective action are what changed Mr Atiku.. And I bet you don't know the
How many markets did Atiku visit
_achamaja Is Buhari the owner of Paris refund What does he even know about Paris refund absolutely nothing
Down of a new era in PDP
So fast 😂😂
Failed PDP Failed atiku Failed chairman We know all the plans
out of point sir!😞
You are a Big Thief and A liar
Hello twitter people Please how true is this statement fought for and stabilized our democracy I'm young,
Please go and tell your baba Buhari to wake up.
Read Atiku’s Makes Speech At PDP Convention After His Move
Good morning sir,I'm by name Yusuf Muhammed Adisa the son of Alh.Chief M.A.Ola Yusuf FCA,FCCA I will like
Many leaders of the APC in the South South and South East have complained about victimisation and s
He forgot his shoes....
Past president and next president
PDP is a good partie what they need is just to unint to gather in one mind.
Sir please I seriously need your assistance
“It’s good to be back home Atiku Abubakar embraces Good luck Jonathan
How about the small god called atiku What will stop you from touching that Or is he YOUR small god?
Rainfall yesterday harmattan haze today Lagos weather is as inconsistent as Atiku's political journey.
2019 Atiku Care Foundation Mobilising To Purchase Ticket For Wazirin Adamawa Chairman
Did i just hear u say "Good to be back home "?
_Things _achamaja Just as we are not forgetting what is currently going on under Buhari
Atiku is super super ambitious That on its own is a huge red flag
Trust me sir they will sink you for good There's no way around.
Was specially intrigued by Fayose,s interview on how leaders that joined and assisted the APC to po
Atiku can never match Buhari Even out of power Atiku never come near him even in 2007 when he contested
Atiku Addressing PDP Members And Supporters At The Elective National Convention
Atikulate
Nigerian Politics is supposed to be titled "Game of Thrones
asalam halahikun.my question is this,is it really true that,your daughter is not decampe with you?thank.
For those who felt #GEJ has no political value.. Eat this Shove it Congrats
We won't even campaign if contest against pmb in 2019.
Of what relevancy is ur assertion above
Its indeed good to be back For we that never left its good to have you all back! We missed you a little b
Problem of PDP is greedy and lack of sports manship also they don't accommodate especially the big
is not about party is personal or individual impact.. I wish you best of luck
Hahahahaha.....indeed sir.
_NG Your own personal president.. We dash you 💨
He has been in the system both APC and PDP....
Wallahi yanxu ma wasu zasu ce atiku ne ya biya ka.basa son Jin gaskiya
To your party not ours sir.
It’s atiku of all people they plan on giving the presidential ticket to
I agree our political system lacks ideology that no news but atiku is part of the system who has
I think we should join force to #changethechange let's not be carried away has been part of the govt
My concern for this great party is for the new elected party officials should bring back those aggrieved back to the party.
Sir with all due respect. If you like enter all the Nigeria 🇳 Trend on Twitter.. A vast majority of us wo
_perry see daddy in the background 👀👀
I just want _NGR to give us a young and credible candidate who can give Atiku and Buhari a run for Aso Rock.
The biggest political party in Africa PDP won't be so careless to allow atiku contest under her platform Let him k
@_apinkeade1 Who ur curse curse If u ppl present Atiku,PMB don win b dt again
What does his comment has to do with Yoruba tribe And u dey here dey shout make e get sense Smh
Atiku reacts to Secondus emergence as PDP’s National Chairman
The very beginning of failure Nigeria can't be handed over to a party known to cover thieves We have been
Congratulations man but you gat to work for the benefits of everyone. Be creative is all I can advocate you. Greetings the TAFIDA
Atiku will not get the PDP ticket
_lawrence _queen You might be right _queen
I try so hard to restrain myself when I see some tweets I really would like to know how is different from o

Atiku reacts to Secondus emergence as PDP’s National Chairman
_Disu That's the delusion this politicians put you guys thru just to gai
This picture speaks volume Very prophetic!!
No no no no no no no no no
Hello His Excellency u are a blessing to ur generation with extra ordinary gift and good heart.I miss Adelin
Is the current vp old abi atiku effect has started acting on you guys
We r officially now a joke to the world Great it was always the plan si
To Be Honest THIS Is Exactly What Will Happen. Nigerian 'Intellectuals Will Continue To Bash And Condemn Atiku Y
So what was APC Your loan club
Funny Atiku Reveals How He Stopped Obasanjo From Becoming Mugabe In Nigeria
Finally you are highly welcome to your home again
Its terrible when u see young ppl still support these men Smh I wish all young ppl in this country can hav
Dear , While you're celebrating the installation of Secondus as the chairman of your new party,I &amp many othe
Since no new person has risen to the occasion and juxtaposing and ,I'd rather b
I cherish your humility for returning home on time.
Sir what happened in your search for greener pasture abroad?
Lmfaooooooooo I'm crying! 😂
You will be shocked in the future
Read Atiku’s Makes Speech At PDP Convention After His Move Our Music Promotion is Express
Kasan Allah wallah bakada kunya .
This is a step in the right direction.. PDP should always remember that the more United they are,
Akpabio with the meme
Fani-Kayode Congratulates Secondus Commends Atiku Don Jazzy
_adeolayinka You have said it all.
Buhari with the cows Atiku with the business
Guess it's safe to call Wike the National Leader of PDP Ekweremadu doesn't even wield as much influence
You are doing as if Atiku is a messiah You apparently don’t learn anything. Man is not even thinking about you. J
"How APC Promised and Failed Atiku Delivers Powerful Address at PDP National Convention (Full Speech)
Congrats but according to other aspirants ur emergency get K-Leg
Congratulations too from all of us from ONDO state.
[NairaLand Atiku Abubakar Rocks N1 Million Louis Vuitton Shoes To PDP Convention (Pics |T
Congrats sir on your third return I sincerely hope your home to stay.
Fani-Kayode Congratulates Secondus Commends Atiku Don Jazzy
Read Atiku’s Makes Speech At PDP Convention After His Move
pick a youth and sponsor the youth fam you’re too old to be running for president Dead promises as usual
Atiku Abubakar Rocks N1 Million Louis Vuitton Shoes To PDP Convention (Pics
Lol
PDP will thump APC come 2019. This party has destroyed all our past leaders worked for. And only is the righ
Photos:Atiku Abubabar Wears N1 Million Louis Vuitton Shoes To PDP Convention
it's the matter of life one day we are the one's who's congratulate you not as chairman as president of fe
Pls as long as deriz a god father/lord bind dat youth atiku cn stay... its almost d same tin self y ask us 😞
Congr
Damn atiku's twitter handler is strategic! But God no go let you enter sha
Read Atiku’s Makes Speech At PDP Convention After His Move
Atiku reacts to Secondus emergence as PDP’s National Chairman
Chairman that emerge through charade and sham Well in PDP 2+2 5
Good to be back home you said It's just like a dog returning to its vomit?
Hope u will still be home when PDP govs turn against ur ambition sir?
Congratulations Sir Uche #IstandwithAtiku2019 #IstandwithWike2019
Congratulations Mr Chairman All the best
Buhari has not performed to my expectations come 2019 he is still a better option than the likes of the wike’s Atiku fayose and co.
God Bless Atiku
The Peoples Democratic Party has now mangled and distorted its soul and spirit There is no morality here anymore.
May PDP be united
Like serious u call this home?
Atiku Congratulates Uche Secondus For Emerging PDP National Chairman....Click to read more
Fani-Kayode reacts to emergence of Secondus Atiku’s speech
Fani-Kayode reacts to emergence of Secondus Atiku’s speech
Or its your business as usual that is not working
APC Promised 3 Million New Jobs a Year Ended Up Losing 3 Million Jobs a Year Atiku
"How APC Promised and Failed Atiku Delivers Powerful Address at PDP National Convention (Full Speech
And we also believe in your leadership styles.
Read Atiku’s Makes Speech At PDP Convention After His Move
_ADENUSI Icon I am actually interested in the other steps Obasanjo took that Atiku corrected prior to the third term agenda
Fani Kayode to Atiku We Shall Change The Change and Burn The Brooms in 2019....Click to read more
#ISTANDWITHATIKU2019
So Secondus it is Victory for Wike I see Is he with Atiku tho?
Read Atiku’s Makes Speech At PDP Convention After His Move
Read Atiku’s Makes Speech At PDP Convention After His Move Spice up your sex life with Ad
Fani-Kayode reacts to emergence of Secondus Atiku’s speech
Editorial Atiku’s grouse APC’s sneer
Read Atiku’s Makes Speech At PDP Convention After His Move
_samari Atiku balarabe 🤣🤣
what has changed though
are you a prostitute sir Always jumping everywhere
Agreed entirely.But this is beyond SARS D entire NPF needs reorganisation and rejuvenation
is fuckin too greedy he's bin in the corridor of power for decades and still not satisfied.. Jeez!! I rep
Oga please do not disappoint me I stand with you #istandwithatiku
#PDPConvention2017 right timing for Atiku to return to PDP
Lol
welcome back Baba We hope all the goodies will go round come 2019 and beyond.. Long live Atikuforreal2019 long live PDP &amp Fed Nig
Listen to atiku all you but just don’t ever compare him PMB where PMB slippers will enter atikus ancestors can nev
Let me make this clear to you Mr it's none of my biz if you defect to xy or xz but to think Nigerians will
It's people like you that encourages bribery &amp stealing Shame on u lazy thing.
when it's convenient politicians keep wearing the "one Nigeria"toga whatever that means?
I hope so. Only if the youths are being carried along.. Coz I keep hearing the youths are the leaders of 2mor
welcome back sir
Atiku’s Running mate Man like TopGee 🙌
United and peaceful but then bokoharam was declaring 30 local gov't as caliphates.
How about you leave APC alone and focus on telling us what you plan to do and how you plan to do it IF elected.
SHADEEEEEE!!!
I can see your believe here BUT the question is the reality of your believe Do people also BELIVE in you?
Nigerians re more informed &amp wiser than ever It's only a thief &amp criminally minded people that will still mention PDP
Your highly welcome home just like Atiku 😂
best of luck but we'll always be on Baba's side.
Mr President Insha Allah 2019🙏
I wish you best of luck in your political ambition 2019 in sha Allah
Atiku Reveals How He Stopped Obasanjo From Becoming Mugabe In Nigeria
Atiku Reveals How He Stopped Obasanjo From Becoming Mugabe In Nigeria
😂😂😂😂I love Nigeria and it's people Faro water is made in?? could have.. At least guest 😎
Lol.
circumstances of his death remain a mystery till date From my estimates this photo was taken in the early 1990s d
The prodigal son 😂
Sir you should have atleast in PDP and build the party the way PMB stood with CPC
Up Atiku 2019 for better Nigeria
You don’t seems to understand the content
I don’t think PDP believes in Nigeria we may have some faith in you sir but not in PDP and those crooks that have
Together PDP shall take over Aso rock come 2019 I salute your courage and spirit of sportsmanship
is increasingly disappointing It is interesting to watch how low you go...
godson (Mr Atiku Abubakar are now in PDP the offshoot of a party that they all formed together in the early 1990
Isn't same PDP that has already ruled &amp looted for 16 good years? The Nigerian youths must be the most hope
The main thing is to vote Buhari out if Atiku doesn't perform we vote him out too
If truly u wnt t b a president mak Ur schools affordable t d masses
what would you do to decentralized distribution power in Nigeria for business to grow?
That's a big lie my friend you are just a politician ok
said the young generation have not been schooled for leadership in this country I will just go to IMO an
anointed godson was Atiku Abubakar The guy in the middle Raymond Dokpesi is DAAR Communication Chairman and the
By 2019 he will be 72 I still don't believe in all this political harlot jumping ships up and down cos of there personal ambitions
No Ego or shame
Fake news PDP is a gathering of thieves
Shame eludes Nigerian politicians Chai see Atiku!
Osinbajo over Buhari and Atiku For president If you people like use Buhari again you will loose like GEJ
See 👇Atiku own assessment of the APC primaries in Lagos,but u in Aba knows more t
#Come2019 Waziri our President
FFK my main man
PDP magic They have done it again Total vote cast 2296 Total accredited voters 2115
Nd we forgive him but let him make way for others shey na by force to become president?
Buhari is in trouble come 2019 He has messed up the goodwill he had back in 2015 Question now is Atiku a better o
Wow Sir am glad to read your official comment on the outcome of the just concluded PDP national
Don't spend ur money on nesselly thanks
If it's an challenge now they will respond at the sped of light They only care about w
If you fight quarrel or even stress about Nigerian politics You’re mad
😂😂😭😂
Fani-Kayode reacts to emergence of Secondus Atiku’s speech
Cause I was trying to let you knw that a man dose not run with out something pushing he,so his running at sa
Atiku congratulates new PDP chairman Uche Secondus
Congrats mr uche secondus you will work to our great party PDP as national chirman m
#Atiku is the Nigerian Donald Trump Tweet Tweet! #Tweet.
#PDPConvention Total No of Accredited Voters 2,115 Total No of Votes Cast 2,296 *Sti
Congratulations to us all To all those who wished that this just concluded convention would furthe
Lool this my country is full of clowns coming up with dry jokes to thrill sad people and guess what it usually work
I pray Nigeria youths won't lose their jobs massively if you're eventually elected as President.
If we are to engage in a more articulated issues then we should ask our politician their policies and the st
Let's #changethechange 2019
And you believe that there are political ideology in Nigeria?
This is definitely good for PDP .
Welcome home but my only worry is that you were also in among and one of the APC that promised us $1=N1 3
Yes we will burn the brooms
Thank God you said 'if but sadly we wouldn't take that risk again...
Former Vice President of Nigeria Atiku Abubakar congratulating Prince shortly after elect
I stand with Atiku and PDP in the quest to rescue Nigeria #atiku
If you like game of thrones you will like Nigerian politics
How has that been done in the past 16yrs of PDP rule in Nigeria?
Hope he will work for the achievement of our great party PDP
Birds of the same feathers flock together I can see two grand patrons of Corruption embracing each other
SMH
Anybody but GEJ got us here Atiku isn't the answer.
very funny
Politics sha Same man you fought so hard to dislodge now you’re in his camp😂😂
Itching belly
Thank you Waziri Adamawa
Political parties in nigeria lack ideology but atiku is one of the few who can think and one of
Youth or merit From what's on the table he is the most experienced
Too late Atiku does not need to vote he is already in control of the process.
Wait shortly for ‘s pacifying reply
If they are false allegations,why hasn't Atiku travel to US to atleast sue US Sen
Yes we know that you like him but what happened in 2015 election do you support him Cause I kbow if you he
We should work towards uniting our party after the Convention Atiku Abia Breaking News
Today PDP tomorrow ACN next tomorrow APC and PDP again Oga focus jare Great business man but ur political sta
With the help of Governor Woke of Rivers I guess using the dollar account of Rivers state.
How I Stopped Obasanjo From Becoming Mugabe In Nigeria Atiku Abubakar
Congratulations Sir Turakin Adamawa I personally guarantee you won the PDP Presidential Ticket.. No doubt
People proposed the unity list and worked/campaigned to achieve it I believe u watched the votin
_Geh Forgive me but I'll pick Atiku over anybody presents That's the way you peopl
That's the point
Presenting a unity list candidate as winner is no election this is an Atiku imposed candidate PDP
Former Vice President of Nigeria Atiku Abubakar congratulating Prince Uche Secondus shortly after his (Seco
That will be in 2018 when you lose primary election by that time you will relocate to your home(adamawa).
What a pity
Nigeria sinking under APC say Jonathan Atiku others
Nigeria sinking under APC say Jonathan Atiku others
Nigeria sinking under APC say Jonathan Atiku others
While he is wealthy
Great sir I also believe👍 Please does this put an end to your quest for restructuring sir?
congrats PDP dole
Toh PDP ga ku ga buhari shin wa zaku tsari ya kada buhari?atiku,shekarau,sule,makarfi,ko dangwambo
Welcome back our next president come 2019,INSHAALLAH
Nah I will rather vote for buhari again (God forbid tho rather than Atiku Atiku just want to steal back all the
I rebuke this prayer in Jesus mightiest name May all the people who are standing in my way not
You must be a prodigal Grandpa then!
its good to finally know your home Hope you stay there
Political Higi Haga
Abi ooooo prostitute politician
You were probably too young to follow the issues Ask questions from your principals or Google.
But something that ppl always asking is why is he seeking the position in any way.they say he is panic.
We shall see na
We are proud of you sir finally in 2019 we will have a listening president
Lmao🤣
To answer that question...None.
@_miiari Keep d hope for 4years and another 4years Now y
There is nothing nice about that gesture. is their best bet back to Aso Rock. I will even clean his seat i
When the truth has been buried under the carpet Darkness becomes home
_Suave And believe it or not is still hugging 's and moles in his government
The father said to the prodigal son
Go and manage ur business forget abt presidential seat.
you are such an inspiration Just wish I could see you one day to thank for standing with the oppressed
Your Oga defeated someone's Oga and surely one day another Oga will defeat your Oga.
_gus7 Bad belle somboriiiiii
_Abdulazeez He can atone Admitting mistakes makes for desirable leaders .. His ambition was not the fuel
But we are not dying any how.
How I Stopped Obasanjo From Becoming Mugabe In Nigeria Atiku Abubakar
Good you believe in elrufai clearance. Wait are u referring to this Senate inve
_B LOL you want to prove to your TL you really no get sense 🤷🏾‍♂️
_Yaro Wow what a joke..you guys need to try harder
Congrt His Exce
And yet an aspirant from your state described it as a charade and rejected the result in its entiret
You are proud to be home we are running away from there due to your genocide
Dear Lord +Cause it to SNOW in Nigeria +so that the Politicians and +the People +can receive Sense in Jesus Na
Atiku Reveals How He Stopped Obasanjo From Becoming Mugabe In Nigeria
am not a fool man,I can't afford to sell my second and third generation again because the next has been sold already.
He can afford it.
I am running a detailed analysis of #Ngr Presidential election voting pattern from 2011 There are interesti
Ok
I agree with you A man of honor.Two Atiku in Nigeria will move our country to the promise land Great man,I appreciate you
So the 1.6 billion he spent helping immaculate APC to install bubu is proceeds of grace abi
Sir I hope you believe in Nigeria,not only to have power,the time is here again,where you all make promises,
I hope this Govs wont break your wings again sir Look well sir and becareful so you won't desert your home again
This “APC being referred to includes you sir If you didn’t keep your promise as one of the APC Leaders wh
Baban Aliyu the sky is your starting point insha Allahu
If Nigerians are truly ready to compete with other great nations of the world then we must be ready to hold our po
Atiku's return to the PDP was well timed he needed to be part of that convention to stand a chance #PDPConvention2017
A honourable can be chairman Interesting
You shamelessly take Nigerians for granted as if we are devoid of reasoning How on earth do you want to achieve
News
News
News
News
News
News
News
News
News
News
News
News
News
News
News
News
Atiku Abubabar Rocks 1Million Naira Lious Voitton Shoe To PDP Convention
African President
An honourable can be chairman Interesting
Lol..
Nigerians are ready to give you our full trust We believe in you sir
Atiku Reveals How He Stopped Obasanjo From Becoming Mugabe In Nigeria iHype9ja's Diary
Atiku Reveals How He Stopped Obasanjo From Becoming Mugabe In Nigeria iHype9ja's Diary
Atiku Reveals How He Stopped Obasanjo From Becoming Mugabe In Nigeria iHype9ja's Diary
Atiku Reveals How He Stopped Obasanjo From Becoming Mugabe In Nigeria iHype9ja's Diary
Atiku Reveals How He Stopped Obasanjo From Becoming Mugabe In Nigeria iHype9ja's Diary
Atiku Reveals How He Stopped Obasanjo From Becoming Mugabe In Nigeria iHype9ja's Diary
Atiku Reveals How He Stopped Obasanjo From Becoming Mugabe In Nigeria iHype9ja's Diary
Atiku Reveals How He Stopped Obasanjo From Becoming Mugabe In Nigeria iHype9ja's Diary
Atiku Reveals How He Stopped Obasanjo From Becoming Mugabe In Nigeria iHype9ja's Diary
Atiku Reveals How He Stopped Obasanjo From Becoming Mugabe In Nigeria iHype9ja's Diary
Atiku Reveals How He Stopped Obasanjo From Becoming Mugabe In Nigeria iHype9ja's Diary
Atiku Reveals How He Stopped Obasanjo From Becoming Mugabe In Nigeria iHype9ja's Diary
Atiku Reveals How He Stopped Obasanjo From Becoming Mugabe In Nigeria iHype9ja's Diary
Atiku Reveals How He Stopped Obasanjo From Becoming Mugabe In Nigeria iHype9ja's Diary
Atiku Reveals How He Stopped Obasanjo From Becoming Mugabe In Nigeria iHype9ja's Diary
Atiku Reveals How He Stopped Obasanjo From Becoming Mugabe In Nigeria iHype9ja's Diary
Atiku Reveals How He Stopped Obasanjo From Becoming Mugabe In Nigeria iHype9ja's Diary
Atiku Reveals How He Stopped Obasanjo From Becoming Mugabe In Nigeria
Your Excellency our president in waiting I have a question that's burdening my mind Sir how sure a
pls sir with all due respect,sir do u think that election will hold in 2019 in Nigeria?
NIGERIA SAI BABA BUHARI 2019 INSHA ALLAH
We the youth call on for Atiku in 2019
Did you have plan for Nigeria or you only have plan to enlarge your bank account Mr Atiku
I once heard this before of one Muhammadu from Daura who was the most unattractive Nigerian lead
Atiku is indeed the man for the youths
Pls did #PDP ever make Nigeria great before Abi which one is make Nigeria great again they are shouting Am waitin
Yaaaaaaaaaay
Yes o you are welcome Dan Wasiri Adamawa
Atiku Reveals How He Stopped Obasanjo From Becoming Mugabe In Nigeria
is a thief,o yes I agree with you.But I prefer a thief with brain to transform the Nation's economy to "A de
Our hope for 2019 #Atiku4president
Please Explain how you will accomplish this sir?
I do hope this home will be of great benefit this time around sir.......all the best
kwakwanso....not the BEST but BETTER than any day
What have you been doing outside home sir
Fuck u
Nothing
And he will surely produce their next presidential candidate Atiku yayi biyaya tun da wuri ko.....
Yea,Atiku made a point
Lies upon lies!
Absquatulate to PDP?
JP 😅
I know it's almost impossible to have a flawless party convention but let's still give the PDP for organizin
Its a pity PDP are yet to discover them selves No wonder those 2 govs Wike n fayose
You should sack those handling your twitter This tweet was very unnecessary Lacks tact Makes troll very easy Th
bad leaders bad tenures
Politics of defection in Nigeria
Greater Heights For #Pdp International #Make_Nigerians_Greater_Again #MNGA #MAGA
SUB..marine 😭😂
Gud decision
Atiku Reveals How He Stopped Obasanjo From Becoming Mugabe In Nigeria
Happy to See you Back home A hope for Youths
News It’s Good To Be Back Home Atiku Abubakar Embraces Good luck Jonathan
News It’s Good To Be Back Home Atiku Abubakar Embraces Good luck Jonathan
Awon thieves
News It’s Good To Be Back Home Atiku Abubakar Embraces Good luck Jonathan
News It’s Good To Be Back Home Atiku Abubakar Embraces Good luck Jonathan
News It’s Good To Be Back Home Atiku Abubakar Embraces Good luck Jonathan
News It’s Good To Be Back Home Atiku Abubakar Embraces Good luck Jonathan
News It’s Good To Be Back Home Atiku Abubakar Embraces Good luck Jonathan
Mr chairman point of correction..atiku n IBB wr nt among d founding fathers (G8 of . d G8 who inf
News It’s Good To Be Back Home Atiku Abubakar Embraces Good luck Jonathan
News It’s Good To Be Back Home Atiku Abubakar Embraces Good luck Jonathan
2019 Atiku will take us to Aso Rock Ahmed Makarfi
News It’s Good To Be Back Home Atiku Abubakar Embraces Good luck Jonathan
News It’s Good To Be Back Home Atiku Abubakar Embraces Good luck Jonathan
News It’s Good To Be Back Home Atiku Abubakar Embraces Good luck Jonathan
News It’s Good To Be Back Home Atiku Abubakar Embraces Good luck Jonathan
Experience comes with age Nigeria right now needs someone who is big on restructuring indepen
"It's good to be back home Atiku Abubakar embraces Good luck Jonathan Nigerian Hive Naija Gist Latest Gossip
News It’s Good To Be Back Home Atiku Abubakar Embraces Good luck Jonathan
When I told them to taste the waters they did now they want us back what a beautiful people we love you all
If there is no Human Rights again I suggest animals should rule
Atiku Reveals How He Stopped Obasanjo From Becoming Mugabe In Nigeria Our Music Promotion
Atiku Reveals How He Stopped Obasanjo From Becoming Mugabe In Nigeria
He is just a joker....
News It’s Good To Be Back Home Atiku Abubakar Embraces Good luck Jonathan
No CBN fund
News It’s Good To Be Back Home Atiku Abubakar Embraces Good luck Jonathan
The prodigal son returns
Atiku don enter one chance(PDP)
Good day ma please why is it that all our ambassadors are very old grand Grant father's No youth .
Our able former Vice President Atiku Abubakar Waziri Adamawa believes in the nation's "Rule of Law and will su
Atiku Reveals How He Stopped Obasanjo From Becoming Mugabe In Nigeria
Much better
Did you say APC sold the INTEL monopoly to the public? APC was registered mid 20
Atiku Reveals How He Stopped Obasanjo From Becoming Mugabe In Nigeria Spice up your sex l
Someone should draw attention to this and ask him what has changed
Like the prodigal son
Lol and some people have killed themselves before of some politicians
It's this statement not just to win our votes PMB made similar statement before 2015 what we are seeing now is different.
Atiku Atiku.....Sha bring ur money let's eat.....No sane Nigerian will vote for you God forbid
_07 With Second us PDP Chairman Fayose and Atiku presidential candidates The loud comic opposition is berthed.
Money does not win election in Nigeria any more.
_B _koba Lol what happened to be resilient What the new line of business?
_koba _B He says he has left the biznez but I'm sure he still has contacts
Atiku reacts to Pastor Sam Adeyemi's opinion on #EndSARS Daily Post Nigeria
#ebere,with Atiku,there is hope for us,the future of our great nation.I must tell you that those
Analysis Why Buhari Atiku and GEJ praise of Wizkid is a National embarrassment via
Was it working before It got kinda worse doesn't mean it was good then Backward never We'll continue to find pro
Did you forget anything in aso rock Sir..... #pavewayfortheyouth#
Hhhh party prostitution is his pleasure in politics
Hehe omo did anybody see reply to _igodye He was very articulate and precise...he even invited him ove
This is why it’s particularly important to subject political aspirants to lie detector test and more importantly...brain check
He refers to that heinous act of sabotage and illegality to "side hustle".(Such b
I'm neither a fan of Atiku nor Buhari I voted for this Buhari led Government cos I believed in it and I still haven't lost my believe in it
so true sir
Naija Youths for
This is what we call boboing
😂😂 this man is really funny 😂😂 e say na
very well then Let him do it his own way
and ..... you have Water Solute Solution 2019....thank me later
Start burning my brother and you can also withdraw all your savings from your bank ac
3.Atiku openly admitted corruption and abuse of public office here👇. As a rankin
His excellency,I stand with you,but remember to carry we the young people of this country along.W
MY PRESIDENT MUHAMMADU BUHARI 1 Boko Haram destroyer 2 IPOB Crusher 3 Corruption fighter 4 Subsidy sca
Jonah welcome the great waziri Atiku Thanks your Excellency Akpabio hhhmm our mumu Don land 😅😅
you owe Nigerians an apology for your role in bringing in this calamity When you're done support a teste
Man untd to beat Man City Everton to beat Liverpool Southampton to beat Aesenal #EPL
Atiku’s return to PDP and intrigues ahead of 2019
No affiliation to The PDP or whatsoever but I like the words of choice "free enterprise as that's what build world
“Together we shall change the change and burn the brooms in 2019. #Atikulated #Atikunation
Em his excellency mr please stop using your formal Curriculum Vitae to look for new work
Congratulations to our new party chairman Honorable Prince Uche Secondus and to all those who won their elections
Yes Your Excellency soften that face Am sure you have a great smile
PDP National Convention Atiku Congratulates Secondus Others
Lol Wow
Congratulations to our new party chairman Honorable Prince Uche Secondus and to all those who won their elections
If thinks that can win our very own baba in 2019 then PDP has failed again..
sponsor yhu?
equality dat's where am scared wat if we endup seeing worse than nw some tribes being put ahead of others we hav gone thru a lot.
Atiku reacts to Secondus emergence as PDP’s National Chairman
At least now you can buy yourself the presidential ticket
Fani-Kayode reacts to emergence of Secondus Atiku’s speech
When Atiku tells you Nigeria is not working you know what that means right?
Embezzlement alert👆
That's for OK the worst mistake this country has ever made is voting apc and buhari and that mist
You keep drawing me out with your ignorance and I feel oblige to educate u while
As a credible opposition maybe
[News Update Fani-Kayode reacts to emergence of Secondus Atiku’s speech Spice up your s
_brasl Bro you may want to accuse all you want but you can never deny that
It’s good you’re back to where you belong...home for the political destitute Enjoy your stay
Mr Atiku are you sure Because we the masses come 2019 are no longer fools or gullible Mpamm!!!
Home sweet home
Because u r all thieves
That's the truth sir which is always beater.
The land is green
Fuck off thieves
Atiku reacts to Pastor Sam Adeyemi’s opinion on #EndSARS
_Things oh Tell me what she said dear I can't read between the lines you know?
*when Atiku re-re-re-re-decamps to APC* Future Atiku
In 2014 I supported ahead of GMB in the APC presidential primaries because I believed then that he was a bet
Totally agree with you Sir...
Or the broom sweeps you all
